parsed_corpora/abcnews/ABC_20121118-20121124/ABC_20121118-20121124_001 good morning , america . this morning , talk of truce . could the wave of violence threatening to engulf the middle east be heading for a cease-fire ? this as israel 's iron dome missile defense system intercepts a rocket targeting tel aviv . the search for a killer . who would attack dolphins , some of this planet 's most adorable and intriguing animals ? after a gruesome discovery on the beach , police are now on the hunt . mall madness . black friday is almost here . what big sales should you snatch up , and what should you leave on the shelf for a better deal later ? and we 'll tell you one way workers are getting ready for the hordes of shoppers . and start your engines . bianna , ron , ginger and i take the nascar challenge , racing some of the fastest cars on earth . yesterday , we showed you the warm-up . this morning , the winner . from abc news , live from new york , this is `` good morning america '' with dan harris and bianna golodryga . hey , good morning , everybody . i do n't wan na give anything away , but we do have the results of an exclusive abc internet poll . who do you think won the big `` gma '' nascar race ? bianna golodryga , sorry to tell you this . only 13 % think you 're the winner . that 's cold . i 'm not far ahead of you . oh , no . ginger . dan harris at 18 % . ron claiborne clocking in at 29 % .   and our big winner ... ginger . ... according to public sentiment , this has nothing to do with the actual winner ... right . ... but , ginger , 40 % think you won . wow . flattering . wow . that is flattering . and i have n't driven in a long time . maybe they forgot that . we 'll see . well ... or never do it . you 're flattered . i 'm depressed . just because i 'm a mom , is that why people , i mean , i did n't bring the baby with me . he was not in the car . i thought i was a fast driver . all right . well , we 'll see coming up later on the show . also this morning , family crime . a father , son and teenage daughter who allegedly went on a bank robbing spree hitting several banks in two states . how did a once seemingly well-adjusted family make such a downturn , and could their disguises have ultimately led to their downfall ? these are honor roll students and , crazy story . honor roll students and athletes . a bizarre story . also this morning , the animal airlift . scores of dogs and cats left homeless by hurricane sandy flown to california , and this is just one of the many surprising acts of kindness for some of sandy 's most vulnerable victims . more on that coming up . such a heartwarming story .
parsed_corpora/abcnews/ABC_20121118-20121124/ABC_20121118-20121124_002 but we do begin with the escalation of violence in the mideast , today being met with talk of a possible cease-fire . israel expanded its air assault on gaza as its iron dome defense system protected tel aviv , its most populous city , from a hamas rocket attack . we have team coverage this morning . abc 's christiane amanpour is in jerusalem , but we begin with abc 's alex marquardt in gaza city . alex ? good morning , bianna . overnight , the israeli air force targeted media buildings here in gaza , while the navy shelled targets along the coast , not very far from here . the big question today is whether a cease-fire will be able to be brokered before israel launches a ground invasion . israeli jets pummeling gaza overnight . two buildings housing hamas and international media were targeted . six journalists were wounded . from the sea , volley after volley of naval artillery hit alleged terror sites . so far , more than 50 palestinians have been killed and more than 500 wounded .   `` we 're exacting a heavy price from hamas , '' said israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu . `` and the military is prepared for a significant expansion of its operations . '' for days , tanks and troops have been building up along the border ahead of a possible invasion . far fewer rockets were fired from gaza overnight , but this morning , sirens wailed in tel aviv as hamas fired two rockets , both intercepted by the iron dome anti-missile system . three israelis have been killed , around 50 wounded . egypt and turkey are working feverishly to try and stop the violence .   `` the israelis are rejecting the cease-fire , '' a hamas spokesman told us . `` israel will continue carrying out massacres against our people . '' there have been talks , but israeli officials are staying tight-lipped . for the moment , rockets are still being fired in israel . we will go on with military operations . we 're not excluding any option , including the diplomatic option . israeli analysts say the likelihood of a ground invasion is diminishing , that israel 's top leadership does n't really want it , but the conditions of a cease-fire are very far from being resolved , meaning the possibility of a ground invasion is still very real . bianna ?
parsed_corpora/abcnews/ABC_20121118-20121124/ABC_20121118-20121124_003 all right , alex , thank you . now let 's go to jerusalem , which has not been spared from rocket attacks in the past 48 hours . abc 's global affairs anchor christiane amanpour is there with the latest . christiane , with talk of even a possible ground assault from israel , how likely is a cease-fire at this point ? israel said that they 're rejecting it , as we heard from alex . well , not rejecting it . what we understand is that it is a tense waiting game . i just spoke to a senior israeli official , who says , look , this is a jeweled track operation as far as they 're concerned . they are hoping that international diplomacy , the us pressuring and working with its allies , egypt and turkey , to try to pressure hamas , and israel also in contact with egyptian mediators , at the same time israel , as we can see , massing for a potential military operation if they decide to do one . we - it 's been confirmed to me that prime minister netanyahu spoke to president obama on friday just before the president went off to asia , and they are just hoping that this does resolve itself . but the conditions are still a little bit far apart . israel wants to make sure that hamas never fires another rocket into this , into this state and also that it can not be rearmed via the - the western sort of side of , of gaza . and hamas wants to make sure there are no more targeted assassinations , and it wants to be able to have the siege of gaza lifted . so conditions still quite far apart . delicate act of diplomacy . all right , christiane , we appreciate you reporting live for us this morning . thank you . and now let 's check in with ron for a look at the other developing stories at this hour . hey , ron .
parsed_corpora/abcnews/ABC_20121118-20121124/ABC_20121118-20121124_004 hey . good morning to you , bianna and dan . good morning , everyone . president obama arrived in thailand this morning , the first stop on an historic three-day visit to asia . the white house is looking to establish a bigger us presence in asia during president 's second term as a counterbalance to china . tomorrow , mr. obama becomes the first sitting president to travel to myanmar , also known as burma , which had been under military rule until very recently . and the company that owned the oil platform that exploded in the gulf of mexico on friday says it will keep searching for the one worker who remains missing . the body of the other worker was recovered late saturday by private divers after the coast guard suspended its search . four others remain in the hospital with severe burns . and also in the gulf , a search of a different kind in connection with a rash of violence targeting dolphins . the hunt is on for the attackers responsible for this , a string of disturbing dolphin attacks up and down the gulf coast . we responded to one dolphin from alabama that had its tail cut off . we 're responding this morning to a dolphin on ship island with its lower jaw cut off . and in the last week , we had one dolphin with a bullet hole in it . in response to national oceanic and atmospheric administration has issued a heads-up to officials , putting them on alert for any more attacks on dolphins in waters off of louisiana , mississippi and alabama . usually , these smiling creatures are the gems of the ocean , the star attraction at marine parks around the world and are believed to be the world 's second most intelligent animal , which makes these horrific incidents incomprehensible . i think it 's important that everybody understand it 's not only cruel , but it 's against the law . and a crime that comes with consequences , fines up to $ 100,000 and a year in jail . and officials are asking anyone with any information that can help them to call their local authorities . and the woman at the center of the cia sex scandal has been spotted with her husband for the first time since that news broke . paula broadwell and dr. scott broadwell were seen outside her brother 's home in washington , dc . that was last night . her affair with david petraeus forced him to resign as head of the cia . and finally , one of the stars in the aftermath of superstorm sandy has been new jersey 's governor chris christie . it seems as though he has been everywhere , including `` saturday night live '' last night where they talked about that fleece . i 'd also like to give a special thanks to my lovely wife , mary pat christie , who 's here tonight , who put up with a husband who has smelled like a wet fleece for the past three weeks . you have been wearing that fleece a lot . oh , yeah . it 's basically fused to my skin at this point . but i have seen you wearing suits . oh , yeah . i , i wear them over the fleece . i 'm gon na die in this fleece . you know , he actually has a pretty good sense of humor . i ran into him in the green room before george 's show a few weeks ago . i said , `` did anyone ever tell you you look like the governor of new jersey ? '' and he said , without missing a beat , `` unfortunately , yes . '' nice sense of humor there . yeah . indeed . all right , ron , thanks . all right . thanks , ron . appreciate it .
parsed_corpora/abcnews/ABC_20121118-20121124/ABC_20121118-20121124_005 you know , this morning , president obama made a stray comment overseas that speaks volumes . he was taking a tour of a monastery in thailand , the first stop on his trip to asia , and listen to what he said about the situation in washington to the monk who was showing him around . we 're working on this budget in the united states.. we 're gon na need a lot of prayer for that . just in case you could n't hear him , he said , `` we 're working on a budget in washington . we 're gon na need a lot of prayer . '' abc 's martha raddatz is in washington this morning , guest hosting abc 's `` this week '' for george stephanopoulos . martha , good morning . i know they were laughing over in thailand this morning , but they 're not gon na be laughing if they do n't cut a budget deal soon . we 're heading into what they call taxmageddon . i know you spoke to the democratic leader in the house , nancy pelosi . do you get a sense that we 're anywhere close to a deal ? or are we just hearing a lot of happy talk ? well , you 're hearing a lot of happy talk , dan . i think the operative word is constructive . that 's what nancy pelosi talked about . that 's what speaker john boehner talked about , constructive . but there 's also a lot of urgency . now , nancy pelosi , we have a lot more of this interview , a fascinating interview , told me she thought they could work out this deal in mid-december . i asked her , of course , look , we 've heard optimism before and this went nowhere . but there is that urgency now . americans are sick of this . this is the second time around . and so overnight , we saw , we saw this video of david petraeus ' alleged mistress , paula broadwell , his biographer walking with her husband . it 's the first time we 've seen the two of them since this scandal broke . so let me ask you about the petraeus affair , which i know you 've been following so closely . where does this go now ? what in your view is likely to be the next shoe to drop ? well , dan , i think what , what we 've learned this week is this is not over . i think a week ago when we heard david petraeus say he was resigning because he had an extramarital affair , we thought it might go away . but every day , it seems like there 's something new . they 're now looking through those classified documents that were apparently on paula broadwell 's computer , and the cia is now looking into david petraeus , wanting to know whether any money was used . they 're , they 're not laying any blame . they just wan na take a second look and make sure he did n't pass any classified documents , make sure that he did n't do anything to facilitate that affair . but even though he 's resigned , he still has security clearance , right ? he does . he still has security clearance , as you know . he testified on the hill on friday . he still gets intelligence . he was briefed before he went up to brief members of congress . so , yes . i think what they 're going to do is gradually take that away . they want the transition to be a smooth one . martha , thank you . martha filling in for george on `` this week '' this morning . she 's got a big show . not only will she be speaking with nancy pelosi , but also republican congressman peter king and democratic senator carl levin . it 's `` this week '' later this morning right here on abc . bianna , over to you . so great to see martha filling in on `` this week . ''
parsed_corpora/abcnews/ABC_20121111-20121117/ABC_20121111-20121117_001 good morning , america . this morning , breaking news overnight . a mysterious explosion kills two people and damages more than a dozen homes . right now , there 's still no word on what caused the blast that decimated an entire neighborhood . uncovered . a flood of new details this morning about how the fbi discovered the extramarital affair that brought down america 's top spy as we learn more about the highly accomplished woman at the center of this scandal . an exclusive interview with a wounded warrior who she helped . black thursday backlash . the holiday shopping season is starting earlier than ever with more stores opening their doors on thanksgiving , offering better bargains . but now , some employees are fighting back . and boyfriend no more . the headline gripping 'tween girls worldwide . the biebs is single . we have new pictures of a crestfallen ex-girlfriend , selena gomez , and a look at how other young couples have done after a breakup in the spotlight . from abc news , live from new york , this is `` good morning america '' with dan harris and bianna golodryga . hey , good morning , everybody . we warned you yesterday , if you watched the show , that this breakup was happening , and it 's official . yes . we are all just absorbing the news this morning . ron ? ron , particularly . it 's rough , man . it 's rough . it 's rough , it 's rough . it 's rough . so we should say , we do have some holiday shopping news . not only as we mentioned before , not only is the holiday season starting early and some people are upset about that , also the thieves are getting an early start . take a look at this surveillance video of thieves ripping off gifts that have put , that people have put on layaway , which is particularly cruel . coming up , why this thievery is actually part of some diabolical double-dipping that is hitting stores very hard this christmas . also this morning , coffee lovers , listen up . experts are now warning that the most common beans used for your morning cup of joe could someday dry up and become extinct . we 'll tell you when and why and if anything can be done to prevent that from happening . this is potentially a very , very big deal for morning people . also , right at the top of the show this morning , we wan na make sure we give a big shout-out to everybody on this veterans day , to all of america 's fighting men and women overseas and those who have returned home . you 're looking at a live shot of the tomb of the unknown soldier in arlington , virginia . once again , a big salute to all of our fighting men and women .
parsed_corpora/abcnews/ABC_20121111-20121117/ABC_20121111-20121117_002 but we are going start here this half-hour with that mystery and fatal explosion . the pictures out of indianapolis overnight , harrowing . look at this . more than a dozen homes damaged or destroyed . hundreds of people forced into the streets in the middle of the night . abc 's john schriffen is on the story . john , good morning . dan , good morning . our affiliate wrtv is now reporting at least two people are dead , eight others injured . the blast rocked the neighborhood when many were asleep , forced to quickly grab their pets and flee in their pajamas . authorities have been using searchlights going door to door to see if the number of victims will grow . those at the scene say it looked like a war zone . a deafening explosion late saturday night left this quiet suburban neighborhood up in flames . two houses leveled , two others set ablaze and around 200 people forced from their homes . the scene , collapsed walls , shattered windows and metal from cars melted . the blast could be heard from miles around , compelling neighbors to jump into action . as soon as i got to the house and i heard those people screaming , the only thing i could think of was , you know , these people have to get out or they 're not gon na make it . and i just ran in without even thinking me and andrew here and just pulled them out as fast as we could . the shockwaves blew out windows and garage doors of nearby houses , many damaged by flying debris . as soon as you go outside , just like it was snowing . there was insulation falling down from the sky . the house , all i saw , was just gone . i mean , there was nothing left . many neighbors are now staying with relatives and friends . others are sleeping on cots at a local elementary school . and investigators still have no idea what caused this but should have a better understanding as the sun comes up this morning . bianna ? and that looks like a war zone . all right , john , thank you .
parsed_corpora/abcnews/ABC_20121111-20121117/ABC_20121111-20121117_003 we 're gon na turn now to the latest on the bombshell that 's still reverberating through washington . this morning , we are learning more details about the shocking scandal that cost the head of the cia his job . abc 's david kerley is in the nation 's capital with new information about how general david petraeus ' extramarital affair came to light . good morning , david . good morning , bianna . you 're right . some rather stunning details this morning about a frightening email that actually brought down the director of the cia and the highly decorated general david petraeus . it was an affair between petraeus and his biographer paula broadwell according to sources familiar with the investigation . broadwell had extraordinary access to petraeus when he was running the war in afghanistan . they trusted me , so i was able to get a lot of great access . and i got to know his family and his mentors . confirmed as cia director more than a year ago ... i 'll even give them my personal email address . ... several sources tell abc news it was an email that unraveled the affair . a couple of months ago , a woman apparently in the tampa area , with an association with petraeus and the military , received a strange and harassing email . she notified the fbi , which launched an investigation , also worried that petraeus ' official email account had been compromised . the email was traced back to the computer of paula broadwell . but what agents found , instead of a compromised official account , were intimate , salacious emails between broadwell and petraeus , described as a lot of human drama . there had been rumors of an affair between him and paula broadwell for some time . fred kaplan has written a book about petraeus , which will be released early next year . but frankly , i - i did n't believe them and neither did just about anybody else i know . he just did n't seem the type . abc 's martha raddatz reports that some of petraeus ' afghanistan staff worried about how it looked to have broadwell spend so much time with the general and told petraeus as much . even though the fbi investigation has apparently been under way for a couple of months , an intelligence official tells abc news it was just tuesday evening that the head of national intelligence was told . james clapper talked to petraeus several times that night and wednesday , advising the cia director to resign . thursday at the white house , petraeus offered his resignation to the president , who waited 24 hours to accept . so shocking , because petraeus himself had been critical of officers guilty of infidelity . he spoke of them in a , just this tone of contempt that they had engaged in this kind of dishonorable behavior , which is , which is why i just never thought that , that he would be up for that sort of thing . this morning , the head of national intelligence says he has no plans to start an investigation into petraeus ' activities with broadwell . bianna ? and , david , so many people are questioning the timing of this all , coming just days after the election . if , in fact , as your piece just said , that the fbi had been investigating the situation for months , how is it that the white house and congress were both left in the dark ? representative peter king , one of those raising questions why did n't the fbi tell the committees and the white house earlier , no response directly from the white house yet . intelligence committee and investigators rather for the intelligence community will undoubtedly say that , listen , this was not a matter of national security . what they found was really a personnel issue , and that 's why they passed it on when they passed it on , bianna . all right . i have a feeling this story is far from over . david , thank you so much . dan ? i will agree with you on that . thanks , bianna .
parsed_corpora/abcnews/ABC_20121111-20121117/ABC_20121111-20121117_004 this scandal has derailed two promising careers . paula broadwell is a lifelong overachiever . she worked in military intelligence , graduated from harvard and wrote a best-selling book . she was also homecoming queen , a triathlete and a mother of two . abc 's reena ninan has that side of the story , also from washington . reena , good morning . good morning to you , dan . i spoke to friends and colleagues who knew paula broadwell . the picture that emerges , someone devoted to philanthropy , calling her the star of her generation at west point . all of them saying they never saw this coming . technology can not solve all the problems in modern warfare . the former army officer featured in a documentary about weapon systems . while she 's known for her good looks , military smarts and enviable physique , her friends say she was also devoted to the cause of wounded warriors and injured war vets , making it even more ironic this scandal comes on veterans day weekend . somebody as busy as she is takes the time to help somebody like me , there 's not much time left for indiscretions . david bixler , an active duty wounded warrior and double amputee , knows paula through a charity foundation . last week , broadwell was scheduled to skydive but donated her jump to bixler instead . in an exclusive interview with abc news , bixler questions these latest allegations . i have some serious questions about who is connecting these dots and how . paula broadwell is not the type . she is n't . some of her colleagues who insist she is someone to be admired also say she has reversed the cause of young women in the military who have fought hard to be taken seriously . but most of my time was spent traveling around with , with general petraeus on his battlefield circulations . those who know her say she was on facebook all the time . on friday morning , her 40th birthday , she posted a message about mortality and exercise , friends say a likely clue she had no idea . hours later , her entire profile would be wiped . it 's not clear when her husband , scott broadwell , a radiologist and professional surfer , learned about the affair , but this image was etched on the driveway outside their home . broadwell was supposed to celebrate her 40th birthday at a dinner in washington . reporters were invited . but her husband called and canceled the event late friday . dan ?
parsed_corpora/abcnews/ABC_20121111-20121117/ABC_20121111-20121117_005 reena , thank you . so how does this scandal likely to play for a newly re-elected president who just has weeks to , now to steer the controversy away from the so-called fiscal cliff ? abc 's george stephanopoulos , host of `` this week , '' is here . george , good morning . hey , dan . a lot of people , especially on the republican side , raising questions about the timing . as bianna asked in her question , some people saying this is a little fishy . why is it coming out right after the election ? is this scandal , does it have the potential to derail the president 's agenda ? i - i do n't think so , if that time line does indeed hold up . i was a little surprised that even though this had gone on for several months , apparently , the white house was n't told until wednesday . and the head of national intelligence was n't even told until tuesday . as long as that holds up , i do n't think you 're gon na see any serious national security implications . but what you could see is , you know , the president was already planning to replace secretary of state hillary clinton , and secretary of defense leon panetta was also planning on leaving , now with the vacancy also at the cia , which , remember , is running our war right now against the top al qaeda officials , that could lead to some disruption , especially because there 's also that investigation of what , what happened in benghazi going on . and i wan na ask you about that because petraeus was set to testify on the cia 's involvement in benghazi this week . now , he 's not expected till his replacement is , but that 's not , the republicans are not happy about such situation . that 's unlikely to be good enough for a lot of members of congress right now . peter king already saying he wants to speak to petraeus directly . this morning on `` this week , '' i 'm gon na be speaking to the vice chairman of the senate intelligence committee saxby chambliss . i wan na ask him just that question , do they still want to hear from david petraeus himself ? and we 'll see what he says . quickly , george , on the fiscal cliff , the tax hikes that will go to - into effect on january 1 if congress and the president ca n't cut some sort of deal , the president is saying i wan na raise taxes on rich people . the republicans have come out and said no go . do you see any pathway to a deal here ? there 's gon na have to be a pathway to a deal because , as you point out , there 's gon na , you 're gon na have a big hit on january 1st , at least $ 500 billion of spending cuts and tax increases . but right now , both sides are dug in . there does seem to be some middle ground . is there a way to get new revenues out of the wealthy without raising their - rates ? that 's gon na be the question that they 're gon na be focusing in on these next several weeks . george , thank you . as always , george has a must-watch show this morning . senators patty murray and saxby chambliss , as he mentioned , along with his powerhouse `` roundtable . '' that 's all coming up on `` this week . '' now , let 's get over to ron claiborne with the other top stories this morning . hey there ... hey , ron . ... bianna and dan .
parsed_corpora/foxnews/FOX_20121111-20121117/FOX_20121111-20121117_001 i am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both parties . to meet the challenges we can only solve together . reducing our deficits , reforming our tax code , fixing our immigration system , freeing ourselves from foreign oil . we 've got more work to do . that was president obama in his victory speech promising to work with congress to get big things done during his second term . and it 's time now for our sunday group . bill kristol of the `` weekly standard , '' former senator evan bayh , syndicated radio talk show host laura ingraham and kirsten powers from the `` daily beast '' web site . bill , what do you think are the chances , the realistic chances the president can work with republicans in a second term , to solve the nation 's problems ? i think there is a very good chance that he 'll pass major consequential legislation in the second term , and people like me wo n't like it that much . i think republicans will have to give in much more than they think he won re-election , he is -- four president in the last century won more than 50 percent of the vote twice -- roosevelt , eisenhower , reagan and obama . and it pains me to say that , to put him in that windowwith the tree . but it is a fact . the democrats picked up seats in the house and senate , and the president is in good shape , you do n't have -- the republicans in the house will be able to get some concessions and some compromises , but i think there will be a deep budget deal next year , it will be an obama-type budget deal , much more than a paul ryan budget deal , type budget deal . and elections have consequences . well , let me asks about that , senator bayh . you heard congressman price say , no , the country voted for divided government , they gave him a mandate , they gave house republicans a mandate . as a moderate democrat yourself , what do you think is the key to how obama finds a way to work with the gop and not just have two more years of gridlock ? the president needs to move to the middle , particularly on some fiscal issues . chris , i have been as pessimistic as anybody about gridlock in washington , but actually , like bill , i am somewhat modestly optimistic here . the president has more flexibility to stand up to his base on things like entitlement reform because he 's been reelected . the republicans , remember what mitch mcconnell said their top priority was making sure that he is a one-term president , well , that is off the table now . the president will be thinking about his legacy , when he 'd actually get things done , not just stake out positions . the republicans need to worry about their brand , and in fact , they lost moderate voters by 56 percent . so , all that suggests to me that the president says something like starting particularly on the fiscal cliff , look , i am willing to have two or three to one spending reductions versus tax increases , and i am willing to have a pro- growth tax reform package -- you can really get something done there laura , presidents ' second terms are notoriously difficult , and the fact is , that although the president won reelection , he did n't give us much of an agenda for a second term during the campaign . what do you expect from him ? now that he no longer has to worry , ever again , about re- election ? well , i think , it is instructive to go back to 2010 , when the republicans obviously had that great midterm election . and for republicans thinking that compromise is the answer for their political future , i would say , think about what president obama did that actually ended up helping him win a huge re- election victory . he decided not to moderate , not to necessarily compromise on pretty much any issue . he decided to double-down on liberalism , and he marketed it in a new way and he sold to it latinos and he found inflection points with women voters , and he did it masterfully with jim messina and the whole crew in his re- election team . so i would think republicans and conservatives should figure out what they stand for . wait a second . we are going to talk about republicans in the next segment . i got that . but my answer is i think the president is going to go full steam ahead with his agenda , which is a socially progressive and very liberal agenda . i think we heard talk of compromise before , senator , we heard it during healthcare , and in the end it was my way or the highway . he got it the way he wanted it , with very little support . i think we are going to see that again . he did extend the bush tax cuts for a year . so there was some compromise on his part . well , he had to do that . even democrats were obviously urging him to do that this time . but now , in the second term without really any check , i think obama doubles down on all the things he really wants to do . i think he rams through an amnesty , immigration reform , whatever you want to call it , and i think he goes a lot further towards carbon tax , toward all sorts of other environmental regulations that are waiting . there is this huge regulatory framework that is about to be implemented . they have been holding up on it , this second term is going to be regulation heaven , for those ... let me bring in ... -- let me bring in kirsten . i mean actually , you just laid out probably the two biggest things that will happen if obama has his way , immigration reform , but the reason immigration reform is going to happen is because of what bill was saying , that there are republicans that are chastened and are going to work with him on it . otherwise it would n't happen , so that will be one major accomplishment that he will certainly try to get done , and i think you are right on the carbon tax as well . the climate change is going to be a major issue . but do you agree with laura that he is not going to move to the center , in fact he is going to double down on liberal progressive , whatever you want to call them , policies ? well , i mean the problem is both laura and i are never really going to agree on where the president is , i actually think he 's fairly moderate . so i do n't -- i do n't seem ... on what issue ? what issues is he moderate on ? he did compromise on the tax cuts , for example , which is a major issue for democrats . the one thing . begrudgingly . even -- even in his healthcare legislation , you know , the public option was taken off the table , there were plenty of things that ... all right . i want to , before the second ends i want to talk a little bit personnel . bill , we had the shocking resignation friday of david petraeus . i want to get your thoughts on that , and also , the whole national security framework . secretary of state clinton , secretary of defense panetta , both indicating they want to step down . what does -- what does that mean in terms of who is going to replace them and any possible change in obama policy ? let 's start with petraeus . well , it was a terrible end to a horrible week . and , it really was -- and i do n't know anything more than anyone else does . you know , i think the president will face national security challenges more quickly than people realize . that when things are well , we can put that on the back burner , make some personnel changes , new secretary of state , new secretary of defense , new cia director now , and wait for six to nine months . but in fact , major decisions have to be made about syria , where 30,000 people have been killed , and we are losing influence by i think not having been more forward leading in afghanistan . what is the president going to do , we have 68,000 troops there , as the vice president said we 're getting out in 2014 , period ? his own administration policy is more responsible , in my view , to try to get a force there , advisory and support force there afterwards , but i do n't know , will there be support on the hill if republicans and democrats think we are just in slow motion defeat in afghanistan ? will people support sending more troops over there for the next two years ? i 'm not at all sure . so he has got to make a decision , is does he want to get out of that war , does he want to try to have a stable outcome ? in which case he needs to rally the country ? so i think he will have a busy foreign policy agenda in the first six months , too . senator bayh , you are going to get the last word because we are running out of time in this segment . petraeus , in specific , and national security in the second term in general ? well , the thing with david petraeus is tragic . he is a patriotic american , he served his country well , it 's -- it 's really most unfortunate . fortunately for us , that we have a deep bench in the national security foreign policy arena . i think you 'll see the president making a smooth transition there . the big issue over the next 12 months , and it does involve the cia , is we are coming to the moment of truth in iran 's nuclear program , and we face a fork in the road . there are no attractive alternatives , but there are profound consequences depending on which path we take , and that 's going to be the major issue . final thing , just in the last question , well , i just said it , he 's going to compromise on legislation , because he has to . he will , as laura said , be more progressive on the regulatory front because he can . laura . on the petraeus thing , everyone thinks it 's tragic , well , that is a given , but i think we have some real questions here . we had the head of our intelligence in the entire country sending personal e-mails after he was named cia to apparently this gal , paula , after the one report -- ron kessler 's report is that she had broken off the relationship . he was sending scores and scores of e- mails , some reports say thousands of emails , from his personal account . and for eric holder , if he was the one who knew about this , and he had to have , to have not brought this to the attention of the president of the united states -- i think questions have to be asked , was it not brought to the president 's attention if that is the case , because of a political concern ? so , national security and politics , which comes first ? who cares who is president ? our country is on the line . our security is on the line . and our cia director was apparently distracted enough by this -- whatever this was , that he was sending scores and scores of e-mails from a personal account ? i mean , this is insanity , that is not just tragic . this is a national concern . a lot of that is unconfirmed . well , i think , i think we have a congress who better investigate this , and he has to get his tail up on capitol hill . so , tragic , yes . but it 's outrage , more important for the american people . what laura is talking about is as confirmed , is all these other stories that are being told about the women . i mean it 's ... well , the `` washington post and the `` new york times '' had some pretty startling reporting today . right . what i 'm saying is that people need to be focusing on what she is talking about , which is if these e-mails were being sent , why are n't we talking about that ? why are we talking about paula broadwell 's biceps ? national security -- yeah , i mean who cares about that . it 's about the national security concerns of the country . all right . we need to take a break here . as you can tell , it 's -- you can tell it 's going to be a very calm , relaxed second term . also here at fox news sunday , when we come back after a tough election night for republicans , how does the gop come back ? check out fox news sunday.com for behind-the-scenes features , panel plus and our special monday preview of the week ahead . you can find it at foxnewssunday.com and be sure and to let us know what you think . stay tuned , for more from our panel . it is clear that as a political party we 've got some work to do . and i think the principles of our party are sound . but how we talk about the -- who we are as a party is clearly a conversation 's that 's under way , and we 'll continue . that was house speaker john boehner , acknowledging republicans have to retool after a disappointing election . and we 're back now with the panel . laura , how much trouble is the gop in ? well , it depends on how they react to this . if the reaction to the election is let 's dig into our core principles and try to remake them , i think the gop will lose even more seats in 2014 . if it becomes a bidding war with republicans and this group or that group , whether it 's latinos or women , we are going to give you more stuff , or we are going to do amnesty-plus , just to keep in line with panel-plus , chris -- amnesty plus , so , you know , it 's not going to work , but the republicans i think have to take a lesson from -- and i hate to bring up reagan again , but when goldwater got shellacked in 1964 , bill buckley and brent bozell sr. , all these conservatives got together and they said we 're going to figure out how to sell this idea of economic conservatism and the conservative framework to new voters . and they went into the south and they transformed mississippi and alabama , all these places where people had never voted republican before . it took time . and it took a lot of introspection , but it was n't them just deciding , oh , our entire framework of ideas is wrong . so , it depends on how they react kirsten , let 's look at the exit polls whichpoint out some of the challenge that republicans face , let 's put them up on the screen republicans lost women by 11 points . hispanics , by 44 points . and young people , by 23 points . what does that tell you ? well , i think , well , first of all , losing women by 11 points is n't really that new , because they lost them by 13 points last time . it 's more interesting to look at the swing states , where there was a much bigger swing , and i think that if you want to look at something recently that happened , that 's similar to this , i think 2004 . and that is what this reminds me of , this reminds of the day after democrats , you know , just absolutely falling apart , oh my gosh , we have this new conservative majority , how are we going to change to attract them , and so i think there is a little bit of an overreaction on the right , except for on the immigration issue . i do think that , because of the demographics of this country , that the republicans are going to have to figure out a way to attract the hispanic vote , and they 're going to have to do a better job with women , but they actually could win an election still with that gender gap . it 's just -- it 's just , like i said , if you look more at the states where they -- the obama administration bombarded women with messages , you saw a much bigger gap . senator bayh , you know , it 's interesting , because i was thinking of 2004 as well . the pendulum swings back and forth , and after the 2004 , when bush obviously had a lot of issues and he still won , the democrats were dispirited , and , obviously , four years later , they came roaring back . what do republicans need to do ? two elections i 'm thinking of , chris , are , number one , four years ago , 2008 , when some parts of the democratic party said this was a vote for a new progressive era and a more left-leaning government . it turned out that was n't quite the case . so i think our party needs to be fairly modest in the , quote , `` mandate '' we take away from this . we need to govern from the center out , progressive center . that 's number one . number two , i 'm thinking about 1988 from the republicans ' perspective . democrats had just lost two elections in a row to ronald reagan . what did we do ? we nominated michael dukakis , who 's a fine man but was a liberal from massachusetts . it took three beatings for us to finally realize you have to make common cause with the moderates . i think that 's the internal struggle the republicans will be going through . they 've got to be true to their principles , particularly on economic and fiscal issues , but when they embrace the far right social agenda , it does drives off young people and it does alienate single women and suburban women ... senator , we have 30 republican governors . you see that in the numbers . senator -- and in your state of indiana ... laura , can i say one last thing ? if i can say one last thing , please continue to nominate people for public office who talk about women being raped and that being god 's will . mike pence , who 's actually a great star of the future , won by only five points , it was such a bad year . republicans should not kid themselves . republicans lost 25 of 33 senate seats . republicans gained back the two states that were easy to gain back , indiana and north carolina , won no other new states at the presidential level , even though obama had a very tough economy , that the glow was gone from the first term , all of that . republicans lost the national house vote by half a million votes . they won -- they held the house because of redistricting and democratic voters are more concentrated in some districts . it was a bad year . and the youth vote if very worrisome , 60-40 . you -- you know , i believe republicans have the right policies for the future . i believe it 's the democrats who are defending . so what do the republicans do ? you need to have a totally vigorous and open debate , i believe . and i do n't think the answer is to be more moderate , nor is the answer to be more conservative . the answer on some issues is going to be fresh thinking , which will be taken as moderate , and some issues actually to be more conservative . i think we have a huge middle class problem . there , the particular nominee republicans had was , you know , unfortunate in that respect . four years after a huge wall street crisis , you nominate someone from wall street . but i think honest debate , fresh thinking -- leadership in the republican party and the leadership in the conservative movement has to pull back , let people float new ideas . let 's have a serious debate . do n't scream and yell what one person says . you know what ? it wo n't kill the country if we raise taxes a little bit on millionaires . it really wo n't , i do n't think . i do n't really understand why republicans do n't take obama 's offer to raise taxes for everyone below 250,000 ... or a million ? make it a million . really , the republican party is going to fall on its sword to defend a bunch of millionaires , half of whom voted democratic and half of whom live in hollywood , and they 're not ... bill , let me ask you about the tea party . because this is the second election in a row where i think it 's fair to say republicans squandered a really good chance to take over the senate . i mean , by all mathematical right , they only had 10 seats to defend . democrats had 23 . because they nominated people who were strong enough to win in primaries but too out of the mainstream to win in general elections . does the republican party have a tea party problem ? no , it has as much a republican establishment problem as a tea party problem . because the establishment nominees were nominated in florida and virginia and north dakota and montana and they lost ; a sitting congressmen who had the same stale establishment republican message . so we have some -- republicans have some tea party problem and some establishment problem , and , basically , they should get away from either maniacally defending the establishment or maniacally defending the tea party and try to find good -- let good young people volunteer themselves ... laura , you have 30 seconds . ok , fine . ok. we 've heard this tea party thing . we heard it in 2006 -- i mean , 2006 , `` too far right , '' it was called then . we had some bad candidates , no doubt about it , mourdock and akin , terrible candidates . how did -- why did scott brown lose in massachusetts ? why did we lose the north dakota senate seat , because of the tea party ? if it were n't for the tea party folks and the energy that they brought to the fore , republicans would be in a disaster now . it does n't mean they have to not nominate great people . bill 's right about that . but the tea party -- how many times can they get blamed for moderates losing seats ? come on . thank you , panel . see you next week . do n't forget to check out `` panel plus , '' where our group picks right up with the discussion on our website , foxnewssunday . up next , a follow-up to last week 's show . before we go , a follow-up to our interview last week with obama senior campaign strategist david axelrod . we asked him about a bet he made offering to shave his mustache if the president lost minnesota , pennsylvania or michigan on election night . how secure is your mustache today ? the next time we see each other , chris , i guarantee you that mustache will be right where it is today ... ... and where it 's been for 40 years , by the way , so you know how serious a bet that was . the president won all those states , but axelrod 's bet attracted so much attention , he had another idea this week . he and his wife susan have a daughter named lauren who has epilepsy . and they are key figures in citizens united for research in epilepsy , or cure . now david has promised to shave his mustache if folks will donate $ 1 million in total by the end of this month . it 's a good cause . you can find more information at cureepilepsy.org . and let 's face it , it would be fun to see david without his mustache . and that 's it for today . have a great week , and we 'll see you next `` fox news sunday . ''
parsed_corpora/foxnews/FOX_20121111-20121117/FOX_20121111-20121117_002 `` impact segment '' tonight . as you may know , president obama largely won the election because hispanic-american voters broke big for him by a whopping 71 percent . however , many republicans believe hispanics are not , not a liberal voting block . hispanics are not inherently liberal . hispanics , you know , they 're tight family . they have -- you know , they 're religious catholic , they 're socially-conservative , especially on abortion . these are a national constituency . they are a striving immigrant group and that is a natural conservative constituency . joining us now from washington to react is democratic congressman , luis gutierrez . so , what do you think about charles ' analysis that the hispanic-american voting block -- i mean , obviously , talking generally here , could be persuaded to come into the republican party . what do you think about that . i think , if you make -- i mean , charles makes an argument that has some truth to it . there are 52 million latinos in the united states . it 's a little broad . i think , you 're reducing it to `` that they 're more persuadable ones . '' i think , absolutely , i think the problem that the republican party has is when they begin the conversation , they begin the conversation with self- deportation . they begin the conversation by embracing governor brewer of arizona and 1070 . or they go to iowa and say , `` well , you know , we control livestock with electricity . maybe that 's the way we should control immigrants on the border . '' when you have -- when you begin a conversation like that , you do n't hear very much else . ok . i thought that mitt romney 's statement during the primaries that the self-deportation was what he wanted to do , hurt him . and , i think , you agree that that got a lot of currency in hispanic communities . it was n't explained what that was all about . but here 's something that i 'm not sure about . do you think that most hispanic-americans born in the u.s.a. , not immigrants -- recent immigrants , born here , all right , want immigration controls . do they want to stop the mass influx across the southern border . do they want to stop it . first of all , as you and i have discussed before , we know that four out of every 10 undocumented immigrants do n't cross that border . they come legally to the united states . and there are others that come through other avenues . so , i think , what -- the ones that are -- those of us like me that were born here in this country , i think what happens is that we see the other -- our fellow latinos as our cousins , brothers , grandparents . and so , we see them as part of an extended family . i think what is simplistic about this is to try to make this clear distinction between latinos born in the united states and those who arrived from latin american countries . it just does n't work that way . so what we have is , we have , for example , 4 million american citizen children , parents do n't have papers . we have hundreds of thousands of american citizens , husbands whose wives do n't have papers . and , in other words , it 's a very mixed community -- all right . but the reason i bring this up is , there 's never going to be an acceptance of the republican party by hispanics who want open immigration , everybody comes , all right . because the republican party is never going to do that . but that 's not -- ok . but you and i , bill , you and i both know i can come over to new york , we can have lunch . and given our previous conversations and statements that you have made about immigration policy , we can figure this out . and we can secure our borders -- listen . i agree it 's definitely -- -- and we , definitely , can do it without opening them up . but i want to know if most hispanic-americans are going to support it because what it 's going to entail is a very strict border . you 're going to have , `` you ca n't come here unless you go through the process . '' and the people already here , i agree with you , that can be dealt with . but you can not have a lenient , civil-like border . and i do n't know if most americans -- hispanic-americans are going to support that . and so -- no , they wo n't . america wo n't support that . that can not be the foundation upon which we fix our broken immigration system . the foundation upon which we fix our immigration system is exactly what you alluded to . it 's finding a way . listen , in 2001 -- so , what about stopping future immigration . that 's the key . abso -- i think it is critical and essential . and so , when i , with nelson in 2004 , introduced comprehensive immigration reform -- remember kennedy and mccain , the first 600 of 800 pages of our legislation was enforcement and securing the border . all right . because , i think , if that happens and the president promised it would again , but again , he promised it four years ago and it did n't happen . but , i think , if that gets in , then the republican party is going to be in a better place to try to persuade some hispanics . remember , 45 percent of hispanic-americans voted for president bush . and you want to know something . if the same number of hispanics voted for romney , had voted -- that voted for mccain had voted for romney , we might be having a different conversation . but the fact is , i have many republican colleagues , good men and women . because we have good americans on both sides of the aisle . and you know what they 've been telling me , they said , `` luis , let 's take this off the table . let 's take it off the table once and for all or you 're going to run the tables on us . '' we understand that . and you know what , whether you 're doing it for political purposes so that your party can have a future , or you 're doing it as i and others , because it makes america a better , more decent place to live , let 's get it done . yes , let 's get it done . i 'm with you . i do n't think the mccain thing -- mccain got -- obama got 67 percent with latinos . it was only four points up with romney . i do n't think that would have done it . but if they could have gotten it to 60/40 , then mitt romney would have been president . congressman , always a pleasure . absolutely , bush did it . right . when we come right back , it will be `` miller time . '' the president 's press conference . can traditional america come back . and a chick-fil-a update . miller is next .
parsed_corpora/foxnews/FOX_20121111-20121117/FOX_20121111-20121117_003 we are now just 51 days away from the fiscal cliff , when $ 644 billion in tax hikes and spending cuts will kick in next year unless the president and congress make a deal . we have invited four congressional leaders who will be at the center of any compromise , to discuss what 's possible , and what is n't . senators bob corker and kent conrad , and congressman tom price and chris van hollen . gentlemen , welcome back to fox news sunday . good to have you all here . senator corker , let me start with you . how real is the cliff ? can washington figure out a way in just 51 days to cut trillions from the deficit or are you just get an extension and kick the can down the road ? i certainly hope we do n't kick the can down though road . we all know what the issues are , chris . we 've had two dry runs already and nothing has changed . and , i hope at least we 'll go substantially down the road towards solving the problem . people are conflating the fiscal cliff with fiscal reform and , i know kent and i and chris and others , tom , have been working a long time on fiscal reform . and what i think we do n't need to lose our eye on is the fact that that 's what needs to be solved . so , i 'm hopeful when i listen to the speaker , when i listen to the president , i think there is room . i 've said , from day one , the key to solving this , is medicare reform . if we can agree to medicare reform , i think the other pieces will fall in place . now , senator conrad , there is some talk , among democrats , about going over the cliff , letting all the tax hikes kick in , letting all the spending cuts kick in , and , blame it on the republicans . well , i do n't know where you are hearing that . you certainty do n't hear that from me . i 've spent five years trying to put together a package in a bipartisan way to get us back on a sound fiscal course . and , i think it 's very clear that we have a near-term problem . we 've got to make sure that we are doing everything we can to strengthen economic growth , and , we have a longer-term problem , that is an unsustainable fiscal course for the nation . that requires revenue reform , which is bob corker talking about fundamental reform , we absolutely need it in our entitlement programs , medicare , social security . we need it in the revenue side of the equation . and , i hasten to say the social security piece i do n't think should be part of a deficit reduction package , but we do need to address social security because it 's headed for insolvency as well . all right . we 're going to talk about entitlements and spending in a moment . but let 's talk about taxes , which has gotten most of the attention . congressman van hollen , john boehner offered a compromise this week in which and he said , yes , i 'm willing to put more revenue on the table , but , through closing deductions and ending loopholes , not through raising rates . can you accept a compromise as part of this whole deal , that does n't raise the bush tax rate on the wealthy ? well , here 's the issue . how much revenue are we going to generate as part of the balanced package ? and i take my lead on this from simpson-bowles in their framework and they assume the amount of revenue as if you started tax reform from a 39 percent rate . that 's part of their built-in assumption . so i 'm all for doing tax reform . the issue is , from what starting point ? and i think the simpson-bowles starting point -- which assumes that revenue from 39 percent -- is the right way to go to get the next that they got in hitting their deficit reduction target . but , look , if what speaker boehner was saying is that he is truly willing to get what we consider congressional budget office scorable revenue , then we can begin to work with one another . if what he 's simply saying is what republicans used to say , which is we 're just going to lower rates on the wealthy , and , that 's going somehow generate enough evidence -- he was clearly talking about closing loopholes and deductions . but grover norquist does n't think that . but the jury is out still on -- i thought the tone -- let me just be clear the tone was good . i think the jury is still out on exactly what the substance of what he said is . others may be able to clarify but he said something in a very artful way , which different people heard differently . but i want to ask you directly , now i could be a yes or no . are you willing to accept more revenue if it does n't mean that the bush tax cut has to be rescinded for the wealthy and it rises from 35 percent to 39 percent -- if they can make the math work the issue is the math and i think thestarting point should be going back to clinton era rates and then proceeding with tax reform , as the speaker may have been talking about . if he was generally talking about eliminating revenues , to eliminating -- excuse me , loopholes as part of that -- ok . congressman price , the president made one offer on friday , which is , let 's -- right now , extend the bush tax cut rates for the 98 percent of the people that are making less than $ 250,000 . he says , i 'll sign it right away . take a look let 's not wait . even as we are negotiating a broader deficit reduction package , let 's extend the middle class tax cuts right now . and i 've got the pen , ready to sign the bill , right away . i 'm ready to do it . now , democrats say that you , and i talk about republicans , wo n't accept that because you want to hold the tax cuts for the middle class hostage until you get what you want on tax cuts for the wealthy . chris , what we want or real solutions , house republicans want real solutions . and to us that means that you 've got to have economic growth . a tax increase never created a new job in this country and what we need is economic growth and vitality , get the economy rolling and get those jobs being created . that means , yes , more revenue -- sir , let me interrupt just because i want to ask you directly . would you accept the piece-meal , let 's just pass the tax -- the extension of the bush tax cuts for the 98 percent of people under $ 250,000 ? it does n't make any sense to us to raise taxes on job creators at this time of economic challenge . the equation is revenue , and spending . and , we can increase revenue without increasing the tax rates on anybody in this country , we can lower the rates , broaden the base , close the loopholes , as you have discussed . and put in place pro-growth policies in energy and health care and the regulatory policy and address the spending . and the spending that has to be addressed is medicare , medicaid and social security . we 're going to get into spending in a second . but just so i can clear this up , you 're not -- boehner seemed to be saying , i am going to close some of those loopholes and use some of the revenue -- not just economic growth -- use some of the revenue from closing loopholes to cut the deficit . are you accepting that or not ? i think that 's the formula , that 's the way that we can reach agreement and i think that 's what many of us are saying . that you can close the loopholes -- but it 's not just growth . it 's actually taking the money , tax expenditures , through loopholes and giving -- and using it as a deficit saving . as long as you close the loopholes , you limit the deductions , limit the credits , you can lower the rates and broaden the base . that 's the formula for a solution . and that 's a real solution . so , senator corker , you have a draft plan you have been circulating to a number of members of the senate . is there a deal here ? i think there is a deal . look the yin and yang of this , we know there has to be revenues . and i think -- look , i have n't met a wealthy republican or democrat in tennessee that 's not willing to contribute more as long as they know we solve the problem . so , the yin of revenue , we understand and i think there 's a good , pro- growth way of putting that into place so you are getting revenues from people like me and other folks that make above x dollars . but what you have tied to that is true entitlement reform -- we 're going to get to that . -- so people we solve the problem . one last question and then i promise we 'll get to that . ok . senator conrad -- i mean , is there the basis of a deal here ? no , it 's not raising the bush tax rates . but , it 's tax reform , where you close the loopholes , and will that work ? it could . look , i think the reality is bowles-simpson , which i was a part of , actually lowered rates , but raised more revenue . and it did it by closing off preferences , exclusions , deductions , and it equalized capital gains and dividends with other tax rates . if you really want to go to where many of us the tax code is unfair , you 've got people who are paying very close , an effective rate , the top rate of 35 percent and people who are much , much wealthier paying an effective rate of 13 or 14 percent . that 's really unfair . how does it happen ? well , it largely happens because there is a 20- point differential between capital gains and ordinary income , 15 percent for capital gains and dividends and 35 percent for ordinary income . that differential really i do n't think is justified ok. let 's get -- and i know you have beenchomping at a bit to get to spending and entitlement reform which clearly has to be part of any deal . congressman van hollen , a year ago august , when boehner and obama were involved in these debt talks , the grand bargain that blew up , the president put on the table raising the eligibility age of medicare and slowing the cost of living adjustment for social security . could you accept that ? well , i 'd have to look at the overall deal , chris . and , we have already made significant reforms to medicare , to achieve some savings . there is a complication on this issue , which is the supreme court decision that said that some states do n't have to cover people on medicaid , could leave lots of individuals in that age group vulnerable . and so that 's a major complicating factor as we move forward . but , look , i 'm willing to look at -- and i think democrats , clearly the president , is willing to look at everything -- major entitlement reform . yes . everyone has a different meaning of major entitlement reform . after all , the affordable care act made significant changes in savings as part of the medicare program . of course , during the last campaign -- no , but seriously , there were a lot of ads blasting democrats for what was serious reform with respect to medicare . the difference being that we look for savings by changing incentives within the program as opposed to savings to medicare , simply by transferring those costs onto beneficiaries . that is not a way to go . that kind of voucher plan , in my view . congressman price , it brings me to obamacare . speaker boehner was asked this week whether the republican drive to kill obamacare is dead . here 's what he said it 's pretty clear that the president was reelected . obamacare is the law of the land . question do most house republicans , do you agree with speaker boehner , that repeal of obamacare with this election , with his re- election , is dead ? no . as a physician i can tell you that the reason -- we 're not opposed to the president 's health care law because of the election , we 're opposed because it is bad policy and it 's bad for patients across this land . we absolutely must get a handle on this spending in this country and in order to do that , it has to be through medicare reform and medicaid reform and social security reform , all three programs under current law are destined for failure . so , we need fundamental reforms so that we can save and strengthen and secure these programs for this generation and , future generations , that 's what real solutions look like . you lost the election -- yes , you still have the majority in the house , but you lost the election on the presidential level . you 're not going to kill obamacare for the next four years . i think what at the election said is that the american people do n't want unified government here in washington . they want divided government , which means we have to get together and solve these remarkable challenges that we have . but they have to be solved with real solutions . they ca n't be solved with things that do n't solve the problem , and that 's what we 've been doing in this town for years and years . that 's not what the american people want . all right . let me go to the two senators to end this . i come away from this -- yes , there is a little , but a lot of the same old arguments , are coming up . are going to go over the cliff or not ? no . but is that because you all just kick it down the road , because you 'll come to a solution -- i do n't think you want to go over the cliff . what i think would be a travesty for your country is , the reason we do n't go over the cliff is we totally kick the can down the road . i mean , look , we -- again , we know what all the problems are . we have been through two ground runs , there 's nothing new . let 's make a huge down payment on the problem and then let 's have -- this is going to take years of work . so , look , i 'm optimistic , i am -- but you hear the conversation here , do you think that there is the basis for a deal ? i think there is a basis for the deal . because i think finally , democrats are willing to accept -- and i do n't mean this pejoratively , but i think they know that republicans really are willing to put revenues on the table if we can do it in a pro-growth way , and there is a way of doing that , and you saw the `` washington post '' editorial this morning . laid out 750 billion , an easy way of getting there . so , there is a way of getting there on the revenue side , the real question is can we come to terms on the entitlement side ? by the way , when you deal with entitlements , you really do n't do anything that deals with the economy in the short-term . so , it is the very best way , a $ 27 trillion problem , exists right now with medicare , unfunded liabilities . that is where the focus needs to be . we can get to the appropriate revenue mix if we do that . senator conrad , you are a lame duck in the lame duck session , and as your final act before you leave office , is there the basis for a deal here ? realistically ? i absolutely believe there is . look , you ca n't settle every detail in these next few weeks . what you can do is agree on a framework agreement that sets out for the committees of jurisdiction how much they need to save , how much money needs to be raised . what we can also do , is have a significant down payment , so the markets understand we 're serious about this , what we can also do is have it back-stopped so if the committees of jurisdiction did not perform , there would be a real consequence . that was the fiscal cliff , that 's what was supposed to happen here . the difference is , the fiscal cliff was designed not to happen . that is , the sequester across the board cuts , $ 1.2 trillion defense , non-defense , was designed to be so onerous nobody would accept it . what we need to have as a backup is something that would actually be good policy if the operating committees did n't act . gentlemen , we have to leave it there , thank you all for coming in , and we 'll be watching every step of the next 51 days . good luck . up next , president obama prepares for four more years in the white house . we 'll ask our sunday group what they will be looking out for .
parsed_corpora/foxnews/FOX_20121111-20121117/FOX_20121111-20121117_004 i 'm chris wallace . a personal scandal forces cia director david petraeus to resign . we 'll discuss the startling end to a brilliant career , and look ahead to the congressional investigation , of that terror attack in benghazi -- with the chairman of the senate intelligence committee , dianne feinstein . it 's a fox news sunday exclusive . then , the new year will bring higher taxes , and huge spending cuts -- unless a divided washington cuts a deal . we 'll talk with four congressional leaders , who will play big roles in trying to find a compromise . republican senator bob corker , and congressman tom price , and democratic senator kent conrad and congressman chris van hollen . plus , president obama looks ahead to a second term , while republicans look to regroup . we 'll ask our sunday panel about what both sides need to do , moving forward . all right now on fox news sunday . and , hello , again , from fox news in washington on veterans day -- when we honor the military for their service to our nation . and , sadly , we begin today with a dramatic fall from grace , of one of the most respected military men of this generation . cia director and retired four star general david petraeus stepped down friday after admitting to an extramarital affair . joining us to discuss that and upcoming hearings on the deadly terror attack in libya is the chairman of the senate intelligence committee , dianne feinstein . senator , welcome back to fox news sunday . thank you very much , chris . in a statement friday , you said you understand petraeus ' decision to resign , but that you wish that president obama had not accepted that . after more revelations , this weekend , do you still feel that way ? i talked to dave petraeus twice on friday and he said to me , `` i 've done an egregiously dishonorable thing and i need now to do the honorable thing . '' and when i thought about it and , for me , it 's a heartbreak . i mean , i am very -- this is a truly bright man , a credible person , a great leader , and , could have really been a super transitional figure for the cia . this is very , very hard and i think he did the right thing . so , now , you accepted he should -- yes . yes . when you realize additional complications , which i did not at the time i spoke to him -- i think did he did the right thing . i think the president really had no choice but to accept the resignation . well , let me ask you about those additional complications , because it turns out the way the fbi found out about this is because paula broadwell , the mistress , was sending threatening e-mails to another woman , whom she regarded as a threat to her relationship with petraeus . what do you know about that relationship , between the other woman and petraeus ? well , there 's an fbi investigation that is continuing . i read both `` the post '' and `` the times '' this morning and it is pretty well laid out , i think . i hate to discuss it , except to say there are a number of things that one has to consider , the first of which was there any kind of national security breach . to date , there was not . and , the fbi has briefed me now . i actually wish we had been briefed a little bit earlier so that the full intelligence committee -- one of the things i 've tried to do , chris , is bring both sides together . so , my vice chairman , saxby chambliss , and i share material and work together and that 's a very important concept . with neither of us knowing ahead of time , all of this , obviously , comes as a big shock . and we are very much able to keep things in a classified setting , at least if you know you can begin to think and then to plan . and , of course we have not had that opportunity . we begin our hearings on thursday . this is an inquiry . it 's not a single hearing . there are going to be many different aspects of it . and , you know , obviously , general petraeus -- excuse me , director petraeus , is going to be part of the hearing process . you said a lot and i want to get to the hearings in a second . i have to ask you , though , directly . do you believe -- have you been told that this other woman was also in a relationship , an affair , with general petraeus ? no . i have not been told there was an affair . what i was told is that there was somebody else that he knew and was close to , and , that mrs. broadwell sent these threatening e-mails to her , and , she was frightened and went to the fbi . oh , i ca n't believe it . but , that 's what it is let 's talk about thefbi . by law , they are supposed to inform your committee of any development of significance to the intelligence community . this clearly passed that threshold . is it true that you received no advance word of this ? and are you going to investigate the fbi 's decision not to tell you about an investigation that has been going on for at least weeks ? the answer is yes . and yes . we received no advanced notice . it was like a lightning bolt . the way i found out , i came back to washington , thursday night , friday morning , the director told me there were a number of calls from press about this . i called david petraeus . and as a matter of fact i had had an appointment with him , at 300 that afternoon , and , that was canceled . and , so , then , when these questions came up , i obviously took the action myself , to try to find out and then , informed my vice chairman , and i talked to the director twice . this is very hard stuff . and are you going to investigate why the fbi did n't notify you before ? yes , absolutely . i mean , this is something they -- that could have had an effect on national security . i think we should have been told . there is a way to do it . and that is , just to inform the chair and the vice chairman of both committees , to -- this has happened before , not with precise , same things , but , none of the four of us have ever breached that confidentiality . let me ask you , and you raised the hearings and we 'll get into that in a moment . but , petraeus was supposed to testify in a closed hearing that your committee is going to hold this thursday , about the attack on benghazi . now , because petraeus stepped down , his deputy , acting director , replacement , mike morrell , is going to testify in his place . one , are you going to insist on hearing from petraeus at some point ? and , secondly , do you think there is any link between his resignation and the events of benghazi ? on the events in benghazi , and his resignation , absolutely not . and , i think if you really think this thing out , you will -- everybody will come to that same conclusion . so , that 's that . with respect to calling director petraeus or former director petraeus before the committee , that will be a committee decision . the hearing will begin with the dni , jim clapper -- director of national intelligence . yes . and mike morrell , who is now acting director of the cia , and matt olson of the counterterrorism center . do you think you need -- i 'm going to ask you about the hearing in a second . yes . do you think you need to hear from petraeus ? we may well and we may well ask . i think that 's up to the committee . i think we should have this first hearing which is the way they wanted to set it up and then , the committee will make the decision . all right . what -- let 's turn to the hearing and as you say , it 's not a hearing , but an inquiry . what are your biggest questions , your biggest concerns as you begin this inquiry into what happened in benghazi ? well , my biggest concern is , there are literally hundreds of threat warnings in the material that has been accumulated . there were five attacks during the year , one prior attack on the consulate itself . the question i have , is , you know , why was n't something done about it ? there are many options . one is to recall the ambassador . sit down with him , have his personal assessment of security . see what you can do , and do it . the second is , to immediately beef things up in a major way . changes were made but the changes were not major . what 's clear to me -- and i went to the memorial service in san francisco for chris stevens . the libyan ambassador to the united states spoke and twice during his remarks , he said , `` i am so sorry that we could not protect your consulate '' -- which is a total admission that the libyan government was incapable of protecting our facilities . this raises a major question for the future . we have 285 embassies and consulates over the world . and , the threats pour in . what do we do ? and i -- let me ask you , if i may , senator , excuse me , directly . do you think that u.s. officials in washington had enough information beforehand , enough of these warnings , to beef up security before the attack ever happened ? well , that is the purpose of our inquiry . and , that decision will be made by the committee . i have not had an opportunity get to go through what are thousands of pages . and , i -- you know , i want to do that . i want other members to do it . i do n't want to jump to any conclusion . but , it would appear to me -- and this is just me -- that the five prior incidents in the year , which are n't intelligence , they are not threats . they are actual attacks on the british ambassador , on our consulate once before , on a number of other things , on the united states missions . now , that , to me , is sufficient intelligence to make a decision . now -- so we want to see what the extenuating circumstances are , that the security was n't beefed by us , if it could n't be beefed up by the libyans or we did n't close down the consulate . do you think -- second question -- that there was enough time between the first attack and the second attack at 500 the following morning on the cia annex , there was enough time to deploy u.s. forces to protect the americans there ? my understanding is there was not . i ca n't be dispositive now , before we have these hearings and really hear the testimony on just that question . it is a pertinent question . it 's an important question and it must be answered . one more question there were also the changing stories after the attack . changing stories from administration officials about what actually happened . just take a look . do you believe that this was a terrorist attack ? well , it 's too early to know exactly how this came about . what happened initially was , there was a spontaneous reaction to what had just transpired in cairo , as a consequence of the video . yes . they were killed in a course of a terrorist attack on our embassy . the natural protest that arose because of the outrage over the video were used by extremists to see if they could also directly harm u.s. interests . i 'm asking you personally , not as the committee as a whole - - how do you explain these shifting stories , and the president continuing to talk about the video , after the head of the counterterrorism center said that it was a terror attack . and do you think -- do you think it had anything to do with politics , in the middle of the presidential campaign ? i do n't think it had anything to do with politics . i do think it had something to do with our assessment . and , you know , my view is very simple and very direct . the minute you know mortars were used , the minute you know rpgs are used , it 's either a terrorist attack or it 's a military attack . those are the only two things it could be . what is a terrorist ? it is n't necessarily all one thing . a terrorist uses the attack as a vehicle and we all know that now . therefore , it is pretty clear the minute mortars show up and rpgs show up , you have a terrorist attack . why was the president a week later talking about the video , especially , when it turns out , and they knew in real time , there was never a protest to begin with ? these things can be assessed into oblivion , too . and i go by prior incidents . prior incidents give me a good assessment of whether there is a high likelihood , so that the assessment can be with confidence . and , i think that assessment could have been made earlier on , with confidence . having said that , again , i have not seen these hundreds of threat warnings . i want to go through them and look at them . i want to see what -- see , this , now , comes down to our purpose . we have been very proud that over the time from 9/11 the stovepipes have been down , the intelligence has been better analyzed , has been red teamed , it 's been passed on . we have a national security branch of the fbi . we have a counterterrorism center , and all of the above . now , the question comes , how does that all really work ? this is a live incident . to show something went wrong in the assessment . and , i want to see exactly what it is . and i do n't want to be premature . i do n't think you want me to be premature , either , chris . no , i do n't . good . i want you to tell us what you know and that 's it . senator feinstein , thank you . thank you as always for coming in . when you know more , please come back and we 'll follow your investigation into libya , every step of the way . thank you , senator . always a pleasure to talk to you . my pleasure . thank you . up next , as we draw ever closer to the fiscal cliff , higher taxes and deep spending cuts , we 'll ask four key members of congress if they can reach a deal , before the new year .
parsed_corpora/foxnews/FOX_20121111-20121117/FOX_20121111-20121117_005 now , yesterday , president obama got a little testy while trying to defend ambassador rice . and many analysts are saying that obama was implying that the only reason republicans were questioning her comments was because of her gender . and taking a cue from the white house , democratic congressman james clyburn , he took it one step further , injecting her race into the equation . watch this . i have a real , real problem with my senior senator trying to make her a scapegoat in this . why is this hostility to this young public servant , who is n't really -- is n't really a politician even , she serves in the foreign affairs capacity . she is not in the arena with you guys . why are they treating her like somebody to punch ? that 's exactly right . this young , african-american woman , i must say . ok . and this is the kind of stuff that happened to colin powell . and liberals once again are completely missing the point . joining me with reaction , radio talk show host , author of `` dear father , dear son , '' larry elder is back with us . and tea party activist from americans for prosperity jennifer stefano . we just heard , that was pretty blockbuster . it 's pretty disappointing to hear that kind of thing , sean . the logical extension of that is let 's only send out white males because they ca n't be attacked for their gender or for their race . president obama during the debate , remember famously was adamant that he called this a terror attack from day one . if that is true , why does susan rice go out three days later or petraeus go out three days later ? why does rice go out five days later ? if obama said during the debate , it was a point of contention , candy crowley rescued him remember ? i said it was a terror attack from day one . well then , why did she say it five days later ? tell me about last night . exactly ! all right . jennifer , this seems , this is just an extension , anybody who is talking about this is shallow , ill-informed and they 're political . because if they want to say that this is a war on women or play the race card -- they are in campaign mode . fair analysis ? sure . this is the dying embers of feminism that you see popping up here , that somehow this is some young put-upon woman . this is an ambassador to the u.n. that either she is qualified to be there or she is not . if she is not qualified to be there , she 's a girl , then fine . exactly , they just do n't put women in there . i think it is degrading , it is totally degrading sean , to women and it undercuts us all . i do n't want to get too lost in that . because i think it 's a distraction . we just heard from two congressmen who are in the room . a few things we learned tonight . we corroborated , in fact there were two tapes , one got there later , but they had one tape in real time . and the second thing that they are saying is that the intelligence community , which the white house and even the president yesterday said , did not mention al qaeda or terror . in fact , did . the station , cia station chief on the ground immediately called it a terror attack , related to al qaeda . and so did the libyan president . it was telling everybody - - the political season , this is the narrative , the obama administration was pushing . we have got al qaeda on the run . we joined with the british and the french bombing libya , got rid of qaddafi . libyan ally is a friend of ours . it blew that whole narrative up . obama had to kill this too . remember , he is a hands-on commander in chief . that was his narrative going into the election , and benghazi blew that . that is why this story evolved . whether it was a cover-up , whether it was the fog of intelligence , whether it was intentional , we will going to find out . two weeks later , as i was asking these two congressmen , it does n't seem plausible . it does n't add up . it does n't seem possible . it does n't add up . right . and this is exactly the obama administration , instead of taking responsibility and instead of stepping forward to the plate , it 's divert and defend . you know , he keeps putting it back on the intelligence community , the only intelligence community . he is the president of the united states . he sent an ambassador out there , the u.n. ambassador to say that it was because of a video . and by the way , the job of that ambassador and the president is to uphold and defend the constitution of the united states , including free speech . he should have never blamed it on the video . even if that was somewhat part of the truth . and the idea now , they do n't know who took out the talking points and the blaming on the intelligence community -- well , they also want as a distraction , the whole general petraeus affair issue . now , we do know the reports that in fact certain documents that she should n't have were -- that she had available to herself and she gave gives the speech back in october and she 's saying , well , everybody knows that they were holding militia . now , this came up in the hearing today . and they are saying that that is totally false . but maybe in light of everything else that has not turned out to be true , do we need to get an answer to that ? i think so . and sean , remember the press conference yesterday , a question that should have been answered was general petraeus testified with the cockamamie narrative , was he testifying , buying the line of the white house because he was under investigation by the fbi and his fate was in the white house hand ? is that what caused him to alter his testimony ? that question was not asked . because i think one thing we need to remember here , this is not about an affair , this is not about a salacious story . this is about four men who are dead , four americans who are dead and the united states government , under president obama did not address the issue , did not send help when it was asked . and that has to be answered as to why . and i think it is very concerning that after an election , all of this information comes out and we do need those questions answer . but good luck getting it from the administration that is the least transparent administration in modern american history . there are a couple of things happen with general petraeus who will testify tomorrow behind closed doors . one is that general petraeus apparently wants to clarify some things . the other thing that came out , one of the newspapers today was i think it was the washington post , that petraeus was at odds with his bosses , prior to this because he felt that the intelligence community was being portrayed in an unfavorable light and he wanted to correct that record . and apparently , there was conflict there . now , he also knows that the administration knew about the affair , but then the president 's saying , i did n't know until two days after the election . but eric holder knew all summer , is that plausible -- meanwhile , obama 's meeting with petraeus every single day as the head of the cia , while petraeus is being under investigation for having been possibly compromised . and for some reason , eric holder does not tell the president as he 's giving petraeus -- are you kidding me ? and this is a president that sits down with the cabinet , he is not in control of his own government . if there was some information that could be used against the director of the cia in order to extract information from him to help foreign nationals , the president of the united states should have been the first person to know about it . there is either a lie here sean , or a cover-up here . we have four dead americans , the first ambassador killed in 30 years . we 've got two navy seals that were killed here and another american . in a fire fight that took seven hours . seven hours . maybe they might have been able to be helped . one question . we still do n't have answers . did they request help ? are there tapes available of that ? again , this is just the beginning really of the investigative process . the question , though , that i have is , what would their possible motive be for lying about this ? i have some ideas but i want to get yours . i think i touched on it earlier , sean . it 's the narrative . the narrative is we have got al qaeda on the run . i , obama , was able to bring a better situation to the middle east than that cowboy george w. bush and benghazi blows that whole thing up . and remember , this is during an election . it makes the administration look incompetent , if not deceitful and they want to do that . and remember sean , obama was trying to win the women vote . he felt very strongly that women do n't like war . they do n't like -- that 's why romney pulled back on the libya question , i believe . and i think he did it for political show . and i have a real problem believing that a sitting president of the united states did not know that the head of the cia was embroiled in an affair that could have possibly compromised national security . if the president did n't know , he was out of control of his government . he still seems out of control of his government . that 's an enormous problem . there was a level of incompetence here or a massive cover-up and it has to be -- he was pretty passive on the issue of whether or not he should have been notified during the press conference . well , i 'll look at it and we 'll found out whether or not he should have been notified . are n't you upset that you were n't , mr. president ? apparently not . yes . i do n't think so . i would think on both front , on the petraeus front and on this issue that if he , the white house sent out susan rice and she had a story that was false five days later and he 's advancing a false narrative , two weeks later , i would be pretty angry . and he seemed angrier on the attacks on susan rice . i got to run . but guys , good to see you both . thank you . thank you , sean . thanks , sean . now , coming up , we have laid out the time line , compared the stories from all of the major players and we 've asked all the necessary questions . but perhaps the question with the most consequence is , what if the president lied about benghazi ? and what if in fact , he knew about this much earlier ? and you just heard congressman king and heck say , there is no way the president did n't know two weeks later that this was in fact a terror attack . and he kept blaming a youtube video . when we come back , we will check in with our legal team david limbaugh and peter johnson , jr. , we 'll look at those ramifications . next .
parsed_corpora/foxnews/FOX_20121118-20121124/FOX_20121118-20121124_001 we will continue to exercise with prudence and self-restraint while defending our citizens against terrorism . israeli prime minister netanyahu making it clear his government will not allow hamas to keep firing rockets into israel . and , it is time for our sunday group . bill kristol of the weekly standard . bob woodward from the washington post , as well as the author of the new book `` the price of politics , '' kimberley strassel of the `` wall street journal , '' and charles lane also from the `` washington post . '' i think we would all agree when militants are raining missiles down on your country , any government is going to defend themselves . on the other hand , bill , when israel invaded gaza four years ago it ended up being a lot longer , a lot messier , it three weeks , more than a thousand palestinians were killed , how tough a call for netanyahu to decide whether to go in on the ground into gaza ? i think he 'd very much prefer not to go in on the ground , as can destroy the ability to shoot these missiles , or deter the launching of these missiles . i think they would love to do it without the ground invasion . the big difference , this time , from -- one different this time , though , is the position of the obama administration , which began in 2009 seeking to distance itself famously from israel and is ending its first term supporting israel , which is an interesting evolution on the part of president obama . and from my point of view , a hopeful one . and there are a couple of other differences , too , bob . on is that hamas has longer range missiles than four years ago . and also the middle east , of 2012 , is very different than the middle east of 2008 . we have had the arab spring , egypt is no longer run by a friendly dictator , but by the muslim brotherhood , or leaders of the muslim brotherhood . what are the challenges for israel , and for the u.s. , now ? bob woodward , well , if you look at the whole foreign policy portfolio that obama is facing , not just the problem of gaza but we 've still got the problem of pakistan , iran , egypt , libya is still not a stable situation . i think it only amplifies the problem that this is a really dangerous world . and i think part of obama 's struggle in the coming months and year scan he get some hold on exactly what our policies are , what is the degree of toughness that we are going to employ . because , i think that is still in doubt . kim , let 's turn to benghazi . congressional committees held a flurry of closed-door sessions this week with top administration officials . the best that you can tell , because they were closed door , what did we learn about administration actions before , during and after the attack . well , we are hearing a whole range of interesting excuses as to why we had these different comments in the beginning about whether or not this was the video , whether or not this was a terrorist attack . you now heard this argument that maybe it was a hybrid , that there was actually initially a protest in cairo , but this inspired the militants to act in benghazi . you 've also heard a lot of talking about whether or not susan rice was talking from classified or unclassified talking points . another theory that they knew it was terrorism all along , but they sort of watered that down , because they wanted more time to pursue who it actually was . the bottom line , a week after this happened , the administration sent susan rice out to say that this was the video , even though it is now pretty clear that they knew all along it was n't and that question has not been answered even as a result of these hearings . and those are going to have to be the big question going forward . it may involve her testifying . chuck ? we may never get to the bottom of this question of the discrepancy between the facts and the talking points . i would just point out that the president said at the debate , memorably , i said it was a terrorist attack the next day in the rose garden , remember that . so , there is even a kind of `` so what '' quality about determining that susan rice did n't call it one . the real issue that i do n't think a lot of light is shed on this last week , is what were the failures that went into the vulnerability of the diplomatic installation in the first place ? and that is the real -- everyone agrees that that is the real issue . and nothing that i have seen that came out of the hearing clarifies much what went wrong with the preparations . why was n't that place secure . and what does it tell us about the whole approach , the light footprint that the obama administration has recommended . explain what that means ? this is now - i must say i have n't heard that phrase until today , but it is in the papers . well , the idea that once we had gadhafi out in libya , that we were n't going to go in with a big new presence and huge new diplomatic installation , we were going to try and do more sort of with less as it were . not just in libya , all over the place . and that is being applied across the region as well . you know , it is interesting , up to this point , secretary of state clinton has kind of avoided much fire of libya . she said that she was taking responsibility for it , but that was in the middle of the night , at an interview down in south america . and she has been absent for these hearings . as they focus , maybe less on the timeline and more on the question of why these diplomats were so undefended , so vulnerable with all the warnings before hand , could secretary clinton come under fire here ? well , she 'll have to answer questions , but i imagine what she 'll say is that , unfortunately , they did n't realize how vulnerable they were and things did n't get reported up the chain as they should have been . i honestly think the cia did not want a big diplomatic footprint in benghazi . they were running a pretty complex operation , it sounds like , out of the annex there and probably did n't want -- wanted to keep it a low profile . ambassador stevens maybe should n't have taken the risk of going to benghazi . but i 'm not sure what all that -- that part of the situation , i think , ultimately , obviously was a mistake , so i do n't know quite where it goes . secretary clinton will leave office . and one striking thing -- and bob raised the question of president obama 's foreign policy challenges ahead -- he will have to deal with them with a pretty entirely new team . think about that . he , kind of , came in . he put hillary clinton as secretary of state . he inherited bob gates as secretary of defense and kept him . he inherited general petraeus and put him at centcom , then to cia , sort of , impressive people of stature . now he 's got to fill all of those positions , and it will be interesting to see who he thinks can help him deal with these challenges . bob , as someone who has more than a passing acquaintance with scandals , where do you think the so-called libya scandal is now ? well , i think there are serious unanswered questions . but the suggestion that they should have watergate-style , independent , special committees to investigate this , i do n't see that yet , because the question seems to be what did susan rice know and when did she know it , which falls not very high on the scale of do we really need to get to the bottom of this ? i , kind of , disagree with chuck . i think we will find out what happened , and i think we should . and you never know what this is going to show , but the real issue is libyan policy , you know , what are we going to do with this country that we do n't know what the future is ? and light footprint might be the answer ; it might not be the answer . and , you know , so this is all going to be mixed up , but i do n't think , you know , a new sam ervin is going to appear on the scene , or a howard baker , to investigate this . it does not , at least at this point -- you do n't know what you do n't know -- fall on that scale . all right . we have to take a break here , but when we come back , the president and congressional leaders meet on the fiscal cliff , and , surprise , come out sounding optimistic . but are they , really ? my hope is that this is going to be the beginning of a fruitful process where we 're able to come to an agreement that will reduce our deficit . we 're serious about cutting spending and solving our fiscal dilemma , and i believe that we can do this and avert the fiscal cliff that 's right in front of us today . president obama and speaker boehner sounding upbeat friday about prospects for cutting a deal to avoid the fiscal cliff . and we 're back now with the panel . so after the president and congressional leaders met at the white house on friday , the rhetoric was reassuring . the question is , is it real ? do you get any sense , bob -- and this is the subject of your new book -- that they really do see , are beginning to see a path to a compromise , or are they just trying to reassure nervous consumers before the christmas holidays and nervous investors because the stock market 's been down 1,000 points ? everyone 's nervous about this because this is , kind of , the last chance . the next six weeks could be six weeks that shook the united states if they do n't fix this . there clearly is a new mood , but the way they 're going to solve this is , kind of , hostage exchange . in other words , the republicans are determined not to let tax rates go up ; the president is determined or is determined to get more revenue , and it 's possible to do this . and the president is going along , it seems , with some idea of entitlement reform , that we 're going to actually cut spending . but this is -- you know , they 're going to have to -- they 're at loggerheads on this tax issue . and i 'm not sure how they fix that . well ... the new mood is not enough . you 've got to sit down and do the numbers . well , we 're going to have kim strassel explain that to us because she works for the wall street journal . i mean , that is at least the initial , immediate big sticking point , taxes . republicans say -- and i was surprised that , right after the election , we 're going to put more revenue on the table but we 're going to do it by closing loopholes and limiting deductions . the president made it very clear , no , you 've got to raise the tax rate . he did n't say all the way up to 39.6 percent , the old clinton tax rates , but you 've got to raise tax rates on the wealthy . how do they resolve that in six weeks ? well , it all depends on whether or not the president is willing to bend . because there is reason for optimism here . because , for the first time , we have a framework . for years , democrats have been saying , you have to give us some revenue ; and as you said , right after the election , boehner came out and said , ok , have some revenue . but the president has now moved the goal post and said , well , it is n't just revenue ; it has to be a specific kind ; my liberal base wants it to only be ... well , well , wait . he did mention this once or twice during the campaign . yeah , he did , except for the question is , are you going to stick on what you campaigned on , or are you going to find a compromise in the end ? and the reality is , if you 're looking for votes in congress , john boehner may be able to get enough of his people to go along to actually do a deal in which you get revenue from , for instance , closing deductions and loopholes . he 's not going to be able to get his people to go along on raising rates . so there is the rhetoric the president engaged in on the campaign and then there 's the reality of washington . and he 's going to have to compromise on that , to some degree , if he wants a deal . so does he have to compromise or do the republicans have to compromise ? well , first of all , i do n't understand the -- where the republicans think they have a whole lot of leverage here . and you 've seen that in the comments not just by boehner but people elsewhere in his delegation , essentially capitulating on revenue , saying , ok , we 're going to -- we 're going to let there be more revenue . what the president is doing right now , i think , makes sense . kim may disagree , but he 's got the upper hand . taking over the cliff ? no , he 's saying , `` ok , republicans , you say you 're for more revenue ; show me how , ok , show me some detail . '' it 's not enough for john boehner to say , `` ok , there will be more revenue . '' so i think he 's squeezing them . he 's -- he 's trying to -- he 's making them sweat a little bit . that 's negotiation . that 's normal . that 's natural . i do n't think it 's irresponsible , as you say . and , now , whether that 's going to ultimately result in an agreement or not on the big picture , in the next six weeks , i doubt . but it 's at least possible that they 're going to get into some kind of transitional thing that will carry us over into the next year without the big ... but , and , lo and behold , i mean , there 's -- boehner offered more revenue last year , made it very clear , $ 800 billion over 10 years . that 's essentially what they 're discussing now . what they have to do in the next six weeks is come up with what they call a down payment where they 're going to do some spending cuts , they 're going to do something to get more revenue in a way that will be acceptable to both sides . that is a hard plan to devise , quite frankly . and let me explain what came out of the meeting on friday , is the idea , is a two-step compromise , that there is a down payment and there 's talk about $ 50 billion , perhaps , by the end of the year and , then a promise with triggers they would achieve a grand bargain -- heard that word before -- next year , major tax reform , major entitlement reform . bill kristol , how realistic is that two step approach . i think it is pretty realistic . i think - and i think republicans are going -- there will be a deal by december 31 , and i believe republicans will yield a bit on top rates . i mean , president obama ran twice on this platform and he won last i looked , both presidential elections . he 's ... what was the reaction - you made a lot of news last week when you said it would n't kill republicans to raise the top rate . in fact , as you know , you were favorably cited not by name , by the president during his news conference . i 'm sure that shot your credibility ... that was bad . that was a bad moment . but you know you 've got to persevere , even when these things happen . what was the reaction among republicans ? the private reaction one republican congressman was honestly , including very conservative ones , was , i do n't know , do we really have to give anything - i guess maybe we do . maybe it was good that you said that , because we need to cut a deal . he won two elections . he did n't raise rates correctly in 2009 because we were in the midst of a horrible downturn . republicans won a huge off year election in 2010 and were able to bargain to a status quo deal . i just do n't think republicans have the leverage , or that it 's worth using all their - whatever leverage they have , to maintain rates at 35 percent instead of 37 or 38 , especially if you can take it up to millionaires . i just do n't think it 's economically as a matter of policy important enough . then the big deal has to be big tax reform with lower rates , i think . 30 seconds left , bob . and this was the subject of your book . how optimistic are you that they make a deal and avert the fiscal cliff ? well , let 's hope they do . but they are going to burn bill kristol 's tea party card hearing him talk like this . you are off the reservation . you know , a lot of the tea party guys do n't care that much if a few millionaires pay a couple percent more in taxes , honestly . but are you optimistic . well , you have to - because if this is n't fixed we 're going to have a global catastrophe . on that happy note , thank you . see you next week . always like those global - but it would be good for fox news sunday . do n't forget to check out panel plus where our group picks up with the discussion on our web site , foxnewssunday.com . we 'll post the video before noon eastern time and make sure to follow us on twitter , @ foxnewssunday . up next our power player of the week . she has been part of the soundtrack of our lives for more than 40 years . and her songs of love and loss reflect her own life . here 's our power player of the week . i 'm still here , you know . wallace at age 73 , roberta flak is indeed still here , still captivating audiences with her magical voice , and music . it started , so easily , back in 1973 , she won the grammys for record and song of the year , for `` first time ever i saw your face . '' what was it like to just hit it big ? scary , overwhelming , frightening , unbelievable . there 's one . is this me ? then a year later , she won the grammys again , for `` killing me softly '' two years in a row you had the song of the year and the record of the year . did you just think this was going to go on forever ? yes , you always do . but why not . but flak suddenly stopped recording and gave few concerts . three years , you did n't release an album . you did n't ... what was that -- why did n't i release an album ? i do n't know . i think i did n't have anything to say . she also had serious throat problems . but as flak says , she is still here . now , 40 years after her big break , she released an album of beatles songs , inspired by living next door to john lennon when he was writing `` imagine . '' the wall from my computer room is also the back wall of his music room . and i 'm hearing ... it is hard to imagine roberta flak 's journey . she grew up in a largely segregated northern virginia , but started piano lessons at age 9 . six years later , she had a music scholarship to howard university . what are you doing in college at the age of 15 ? i do n't know , i could have gotten there at 14 except they said i was too short . flak was classically trained . in fact , her real ambition was to be a concert pianist which may be why six years ago , she started the roberta flak school of music at her charter school in the bronx . you can become the next jay-z , or beyonce or whomever , barbra streisand , but there has to be some basic fundamentals . speaking of fundamentals , flak still takes voice lessons . you keep polishing the tool . you keep warming it up , you keep shining it , making it brighter . i want to sing until i ca n't sing anymore and play until i ca n't play anymore . what is this excitement when you get on the stage ? the song.wallace roberta flak hopes to open more music schools here in washington and in barbados . and she intends to keep on singing . now this program note , next sunday senator john mccain joins us to discuss the libya investigation , the fiscal cliff and more . we hope you will tune in . and that 's it for today , have a great thanksgiving . and we 'll see you , next fox news sunday .
parsed_corpora/foxnews/FOX_20121118-20121124/FOX_20121118-20121124_002 take a good look when the house convenes , after this next congress is sworn in , at what our side of the aisle looks like versus the republican side of the aisle . i mean they got whiter and more male , and we now have a majority , minority and female democratic caucus first time in history . pretty amazing . that of course was democratic national committee chairwoman debbie wasserman schultz of a discussion last week . and even though the election is over , the language you have heard for the past year , accusations of racism and sexism apparently none of it is not going away . just last night on this show , you saw members of the congressional black caucus are smearing senator john mccain for his criticism of ambassador susan rice after the benghazi affair . and it does n't stop there . earlier today , congressman james clyburn suggested that racism has motivates critics of susan rice . listen . these are code words . we heard them doing the campaign . during this recent campaign , we heard senator sununu call in our president lazy , incompetent , these kinds of terms that those of us , especially those of us who were born and raised in the south , we have been hearing these words and phrases all of our lives . and we get insulted by them . so , is this the new normal for the democratic party ? will every issue become an issue of racism ? here with reaction , radio talk show host david webb and from the american values institute , alexis mcgill johnson . welcome to you both . debbie wasserman schultz , is there a single person in america looked at her and says , you know , i wanted more of what she is selling ? i doubt it . hey , you know , look , i think the challenge is that the gop , we do n't want more of what they are sealing . and as african-americans and as women , we have a problem with being the party of legitimate race , being the party or connecting to the party of voter id laws and birtherism . i mean , there is nothing to offer us . and i think you do need to start competing absolutely more . it 's clearly true . so you have in the last election , you have a black unemployment rate that is literally twice the white unemployment rate . but a little over 14 percent . and yet the president presided over this , gets 96 percent of the african-american vote . you ca n't do that without convincing black voters to the other side hates them and that is the core strategy -- ok. you know , the reality of that is the black unemployment has actually been twice that white unemployment since they started collecting the data in 1972 . it 's 14 percent . i mean , in the bush administration was not 14 percent , was it ? no , it has n't but it 's always been twice that of white unemployment . and it actually , i would say , under-employment , black underemployment is probably closer to 25 percent . i agree , that 's exactly right . but that has n't have to do with the president , i think that is regardless of party . i think that is regardless of the party . i think we 've seen that black unemployment is a challenge because black people are like the -- minds when it comes to the -- well , it certainly -- the challenge would be understatement , that would say that 's a disaster . david , is n't convincing , and not just black voters , but latino voters , women , asian voters , the fastest growing demographic in this country , that the republican party hates them , that is the essence of the democratic strategy , it has to be , that 's how obama get elected . it 's not only the essence of what they do , divisive is what they do . what they did in 2008 which was effective political strategy was to divide people into groups , amalgamate them for a vote . you 've got the black voters , hispanic voters , younger women , youth and all this . that is effective political strategy . but let 's go back to something that alexis said . the party of birtherism , the party of legitimate rape , that is actually an insult to most conservatives . because most people do n't agree with egregious comments , or the outrageous comments of a few people in this country when we have literally by the popular vote a divided country while the electoral college tells a different picture . so , let me finish my point . let me finish my point . well , let me finish my point . hold on . let him finish what he 's saying here . it is insulting to americans to play identity politics on either side to that end . there is big difference between engaging any group . black unemployment is a serious problem that goes back to education . in any community as a matter of fact because where majority white country by the numbers , education is the biggest thing that leads to socio-economic growth . of course . so rather than playing this divisive identity politics game which is what the democrats do , the gop needs to opt its game and get better and engage in communities on policies , not because it 's different for hispanics or blacks but because it is good for the american people . well , of course i agree , alexis , let me ask you this though . is n't it insulting , not to americans of one color or one race , but to all smart people . the game that has accelerated in the past couple of years where every comment is a dog whistle , every word is a code word . romney first was -- that is a racist term . he attacks the president 's warfare policies , that 's racist . i mean , at a certain point , is n't the term racism devalued by overuse here ? i actually do agree with that . i think that the challenge that we have is , we are creating a lot of racial anxiety by trying to define everything as racist and we ca n't . most things are not enough by -- are you surprised that after electing a black president that racial tensions are higher ? i actually -- yes , actually when you look at the poll , it 's a great poll that has said , explicit racial attitudes have increased under this president as well as implicit racial attitude . it 's kind of the opposite , as the promise was . he was going to bring the component parts of america together and another more divided than -- well , he is not responsible for racist attitudes going -- i do n't know . let me actually get to back -- that david made about policies . and knows about some of the larger conversation about democrats being divisive . first of all , mitt romney 's whole platform was about free stuff . and , you know , he said 47 percent and , you know , whatever . and we were like , ok , you know , 47 percent is not just -- but then he came back on his call and he said , no , actually the 47 percent really were black and women and young people , right ? i mean , and so , that is insulting . that 's insulting for any american . well , you 're not aggressive whether or not -- bu the policies themselves that he put forward also in terms of education , his budget would have got it -- ok . david . it 's really great . but the fact is she is cherry picking to make a point rather than looking at the issue for what it is . you want to separate this issue ? let 's get rid of the identity . first of all , the objection of susan rice is not based on her color , it 's based on her performance and it 's based on what we saw come out . the race baiter and the old race pimp which is jim clyburn . this guy 's lived in that dynamic of always pitching race . you mentioned , you know , my boy , but biden gets to say my home boy in the same kind of tone . they 're going to put you all back in chains . yes . this is the problem . is the democrats are n't interested in engaging americans on policy ? they are interested in getting people to vote their self-interests by telling them what their interests is . we are out of time . thank you both . coming up , alan west concedes his house seat to his democratic challenger . what is next up for colonel west ? we 'll ask him when he joins us and then unions threaten to wreak havoc on the biggest shopping day of the year , black friday . moveon.org behind it all . we 'll explain when we come back .
parsed_corpora/foxnews/FOX_20121118-20121124/FOX_20121118-20121124_003 hello , everyone . i 'm dana perino , along with kimberly guilfoyle , bob beckel , eric bolling , and brian kilmeade . it 's 500 in new york city . and this is the five . we hope you had a happy thanksgiving . today is black friday . that 's the unofficial kickoff of the shopping season . we 're going to have more on the frenzy later this hour . but , first , it 's been a few weeks now since president obama won reelection . republicans have had some time to digest what happened and are trying to figure out exactly what went wrong . i love this quote from governor haley barbour , eric . he said , `` we 've got to give our political organizations a very serious proctology exam . we need to look everywhere . '' he 's got a way with words , haley barbour . what do you think ? that would be the last thing i 'd look . he certainly does . you know , dana , we 've been talking about this for the last couple of weeks . and it appears to me that because 3 million fewer votes were cast for mitt romney than there were cast for john mccain , it tells the party is splintered , the party does n't know if it wants to be far right conservative , if it wants to be down the kind of -- the middle establishment or so to speak , we really , they really need to find the focus . they need to find -- remember this , though -- dana , remember , the tea party was born april 15th , 2009 , on the heels of `` taxed enough already '' . every time you would talk to a tea party representative or person , any one of the groups , you would ask them -- taxes , i get it . what about social issues , what about abortion , what about contraceptive , what about any number of social -- they did n't want it talk about it . they wanted to focus on the fiscal issues that are plaguing the country , which they still are plaguing it . somehow the democrats attached the social issues to the tea party and i think that 's what kind of splintered the party . whenever a party loses an election , bob , you have familiarity with that from what -- what the heck . no , bob , obviously republicans and democrats have shared losses over time and it 's normal , right , for a party to go through a little self-examination and try to figure out where they 're going ? i 'm not going to answer that question . no , i 'll tell you , i think one of the things -- one lesson for the republicans out of this on a serious note is you have to do more than run against somebody . it 's very difficult . i mean , the focus of that campaign and the republicans generally was to vote against barack obama and dependent on the turnout against president obama . and you need some policies that are going to attract -- there 's been a lot of talk about the hispanic issue , you simply ca n't give away that many hispanic votes . it 's known that you can get them . george bush got a bunch of them . and even mccain did better . but , until and unless the republican party 's willing to accept some reform of immigration laws , i think they 're bound not to win the national election . let 's listen to mark levin who had this to say and i 'll get kimberly and brian in here . mark levin . we conservatives , we do not accept bipartisanship in the pursuit of tyranny , period . we will not negotiate the terms of our economic and political servitude , period . we are the alternative , we will resist . we 're not going to surrender to this . we will not be passive . we will not be compliant in our own demise . we 're not good losers . you better believe we 're sore losers . a good loser is a loser forever . so that 's one perspective . and then listen to peggy noonan who has a different thought . oh , i 'm sorry , i have to read the quote , excuse me . i thought we had- - that 's because i love listening to peggy , but i 'm going to read it for her . hopefully , i will be able to rise to the occasion . she said , `` what is needed is bigness , magnanimity . it 's not all about him , his party , it 's not all about self . it 's not even all about one 's deepest political intentions -- get the republican leaders on the hill together , suggest in subtle ways that you 'll help them save face , quietly acknowledge you were n't the best negotiator in the world the first time around , and neither were they . maybe no one was quite their best , but the nation faces a real challenge and there will be economic repercussions in handling it . '' kimberly , i think that this is healthy -- i 'm going to the levin approach . you like the levin approach ? totally , forget it . it seems much more clear . stand for something , and say , yes , we lost , we got our best kick , but then do something about it , examine it , and say , how could we have done this better . i mean , they spent almost a billion dollar between the romney campaign , rnc , super pac , alludes to a president with a failed economy , horrible unemployment numbers . really ? like they should n't have been that difficult . they should have won . it 's interesting because the republicans do revert back to try and say that we should -- we should try to get everyone to get along . but that was n't president obama 's approach in the election . it was n't and you 're not going to like and , no one here is going to agree with what i 'm going to say . my strategy and what i 've learned from the results of this election is if i was somebody trying to get mitt romney elected was to tell the biography . this is one of the best biographies and resume 's ever to run for president . i 'd go back to . that 's true . i would have spent time , even if it goes over a guy like mine 's head , tell me what you did at bain , tell me the companies you formed and how you went about doing it . the people you brought together , the things you 've done for people . why in your 30 's , when everyone was wondering how are you going to support four kids , you still found time to be a bishop in a church . and yes , the word mormon might have come up . so what ? i 'll tell you something about -- they broke the fundamental rule of politics , which is when you get into the race like this , you always define yourself positively first . they allowed the obama people to define them for months negatively . why they did n't put on the bio spot for me will be -- one of the greatest questions i 've ever had in politics . because the bio spot -- do you agree , right ? absolutely right . i think he has a great resume , but that 's not what was going to win the election , brian . what was going to win the election is fix the problems . how ? remember , it was 59 points and then five points . honestly , i followed this up pretty closely . i still do n't know what his plan was . so you 're agreeing with him . no , no , that his resume was fantastic . but where he dropped the ball was he did n't specific -- on the plan . yes . how about this ? you said he defended the plan . but nobody knows -- i did not . i took the other tactic , i said president obama failed and that 's why you should vote for romney because you do n't want four more years of a failed policy . that 's where i was . let me ask , dana , a question . how do you respond to mark levin ? i mean , he 's one of my good friends , too , like , you know , as eric , and he can be a little bit -- easy . -- crazy . well , i respect -- no , he 's not crazy . he 's very focused . and very smart . i understand he 's very smart . i think that right out of the gate after the election , there were opinion pieces that had ran from all across the republican spectrum with what went wrong and what we need to do and i 'm just not so sure . i think it 's going to take a little bit of time and if there 's a messenger needs to emerge from the party and that person , i do n't think we know who that is yet . but there 's some time to figure it out . after the 1992 loss , it took a while to -- for the republicans to get back in shape and that 's , you know , it could take a little bit of time . and one of the things karl rove writes about in `` the wall street journal '' today , if we could put this up . he had some major points . i think one of them is a good one , kimberly . he said , one of things was to limit the number of debates in the primary and then , also to hold the rnc convention earlier . those are just two of the practical things if you could karl 's -- i totally agree . a piece that ran on november 14th in `` the wall street journal '' . what do you think about that ? yes , i think it 's really good advice . when you think about it , nobody even sort of start to say , who is this guy mitt romney until that debate , right ? but it came so late in the process , they would debate it out amongst one another , tearing each other down , and which did n't make anybody look good in terms of -- ann romney could not spend -- romney could not spend any money that was raised for the general election , until after the convention in august . do you think that was -- because that was perhaps money he could have spent on the bio . well , dana , call me crazy , and i 'll take the crazy label . but if i was worth $ 250 million , i understand you want to spend somebody else 's money , but if you have a gap between may and july when you do n't have any money , i would go into my checking account . and make sure those bio spots got out and the answer -- i think you 're right . but let me make one point . i am a firm believer in karl rove 's understanding of politics . but for karl now , he needs to do a little self evaluation because his strategy was wrong . i think he is . i think all of them are . i hope so , because -- well , i do n't hope so -- well , imagine this -- i mean , what do you think , eric , would have happened if crossroads -- american crossroads , which was the pac that karl rove ran , imagine that had not been in existence during that time ? i mean , could romney have lost by more ? or maybe it was n't romney -- actually romney did better than most republicans in those states . i remember leading up to mitt romney -- by the way , levin and a lot of us were saying , well , not romney , maybe one of the more conservative candidates , one of the more conservative republicans should be it , it was n't , it was him . i think they did a good job with what they could work with . no offense -- mitt romney great guy , great bio , but he certainly was n't the best candidate we put up in a long time . who do you think was the best candidate ? that 's what i was going to ask . who would you have liked to be there ? who could you put up on the field ? honestly , there was n't a lot to choose from . i think the upcoming republican group , rubio , even christie even though i have a serious problem with him right now -- boo ! but he was good at the time before he found , ted cruz is too young , susana martinez . forget -- there were a lot of people who could n't fill that . forget the timing . scott walker . scott walker . forget the primaries , who would you pick this time around , if you could have picked a republican nominee ? at the time i liked rick perry , but he self-medicated himself out of that job and -- you 're not exaggerating . no . let me -- you know , while we -- maybe newt , i guess i do n't know . the republicans as haley barbour said are doing all of this examination , but it 's probably smart , right , bob , for the democrats to do soul searching right now , too , because they will not have president obama running on the ticket four years from now . and so , who do you think that - - the democrats are spending some time also thinking of where do we go from here . oh , absolutely . and one of us is going to have -- well , first of all , one thing the democrats have with or without obama , is the demographics are going solidly for the democrats , and the republicans simply ca n't win in this demographic breakdown the way they are . latinos , minorities . i do n't think it has to be that way , though . it does n't have to be that way , but that requires policies . but democrats are coming up with -- and this is a big pull going on , with obama who wants to strike a deal on the fiscal cliff and it 's going to mean the left is not very happy , they 've already sent out warning signs . you guys have called him a socialist and all of this stuff this year , i 'm telling you , this guy is much more of a centrist than you think . he wants to cut the deal -- obama is a centrist ? absolutely . i think he 's -- you 're just so wrong about that . he 's as far left as the talk show people you talk about . he 's worse than carter . i think he 's actually fairly pragmatic . exactly right . and probably will be more so at least while this fiscal crisis unfolds . the biggest adjustment the democrats will make is not running against george bush , because they effectively did it . even in the exit polls revealed that they were still blaming bush four and a half years later , and they 're going to continue -- i ca n't believe he might even try to do it again as he mentioned in his press conference . sooner or later , they 'll have to say judge us on the last eight years with barack obama . they do n't care . that 's not true we do n't care . of course , we care . no , they do n't care actually because he feels like he 's acting like he has a mandate and he 's going to do what he wants . and now , it 's all about revenge , remember that sweet , warm and fuzzy campaign ? he won , you lost and the time -- i do n't know . i still feel like a winner because i know what we do to fix this economy , and i tell you that his ideas do n't work . if you guys are not willing to come to the table and negotiate a pragmatic deal on this fiscal cliff , you 're going to put yourself in a hole so deep you 'll never get out of it . and what 's the pragmatism that president bush is claiming to have ? say spending cuts -- 4-1 tax cuts to tax increases . first of all , i have n't heard that , number one . and number two -- well , as of yet . i think that 's what he 's going to come up with . i was so disappointed to hear him say go back to the clinton tax rates , even if it 's not going to solve anything , as if to say i need that troupe -- but , you know , listen , the other part , what he says is that you have to take out spending and entitlements , he did n't do it , i 'll grant you that . he did n't do it because he was trying to protect his base on the left . so , he went way left , but -- you said he 's a centrist . no , no , i said to win the election , he went left . as a president , he 's going to govern , you watch much more centrist . and if the republicans do n't sit at the table , this 'll look at whacko right wing . they have been at the table . my gut is he 's going to be a centrist and they 'll get a deal . ok . all right . well , there you have it right here . coming up , does the tea party play an effective role in this year 's election ? we 're going to discuss that . just ahead . welcome back , everybody . less than three weeks since the election and a divide is widening , not between democrats and republicans , however . the divide is between conservatives , tea party types , and more tradition republicans , sometimes call establishment . peggy noonan , once again , take a listen . i think the tea party is going to have to look at itself . the tea party style of rage is not one that wins over converts and makes people lean toward them and say , i want to listen to you . ok. now , listen to laura ingraham defending the conservative wing of the party . the work of the tea party folks and the energy that they brought to the fore , republicans would be in a disaster right now . ok. and you wonder why 3 million fewer republicans showed up to the voting booths this election cycle -- kimberly . yes , it bothers me . i stood outside for two hours in new york where i knew my vote was going to water down the drain . i mean , why did n't people come out ? why ? because they were were n't impassioned enough about mitt romney , they did n't know his bio , they did n't know what he stood for , they were n't certain what his economic plan were ? well , we 're going to keep prom king and see if he goes center , like bob said . good idea . can these two wings of the party find the middle ground ? i think so . but i do n't necessarily think it has to be a middle ground , but there are basic principles that everybody can agree on . i like the big tent thing , and i think there are variations of the tea party since 1776 . you look at 1992 election when ross perot ran , they were similar principle at stake , which was government spending . and it was n't so much about social issues at the time . so i think there are ways . we just had -- we 'd just have better candidates and that 's across the board . you put your finger -- you go back to barry goldwater versus nelson rockefeller , the establishment battles versus the conservatives since 1964 . very interesting . it 's always been somebody who steps forward to take the mantle of the big tent , ronald reagan being the classic examples of it . you do n't have to abandon your principles for a minute to be a pragmatic political force . and that 's the difference . but it takes some voice to make that pretty clear . you ca n't have all these republican people try to negotiate . you need somebody and the problem is you do n't have anybody right now . brian , how did the left unite ? they coalesced , the left did , around barack obama . amazing , too , because as bob knows better than anyone , it was the presidential campaign when they did n't really help out with the candidates . they really said , hey , listen , we 've got to focus on just getting this guy elected , you kind of pretty much on your own . and i think they were somewhat , in my opinion , somewhat in awe of barack obama , what he 's done at such a young age , he was never really one of the guys who 's been there for 40 years and decides to run like senator dole and senator mccain . but i was pretty much in awe in the midterm elections on what the tea party did . yes . i 've never seen anything like it . very good point . even in this election , the tea party 's real strength , bob , was the down ticket . well , down ticket , it 's probably somewhat of a strength . but let 's remember , there were twice as many people who voted in 2012 than there were 2010 , where they really had an impact . and i do n't take away from their emotional , grabbing hold of the fiscal issue , but it does have a problem because there 's not a social agenda attached to that . but beyond that , i think that the tea party represents to me the goldwater-ites of '64 and somehow they got together . richard nixon pulled them together , i do n't know how , but one of -- do you know what energizes democrats more than anything else , there was a period of time for about three weeks where we thought obama was going lose , and we 're going to lose the senate and the house was going to be republican . that scared the heck out of us , all of us , and that was a -- that was a period when all of a sudden they said , wait a minute , we could have two more people like alito on the supreme court . well , and i think power is a very important thing and unseating an incumbent is very difficult . it has n't happened very often . we usually give our presidents a second chance . but i think that obama 's language on fair shot and fair share was persuasive enough to a lot of people , but i think it could have been met with fair shot , fair share . you know what , this government and the way that it 's going is holding you back , and the reason you have -- you consider yourself lower middle class , because you ca n't get ahead because the government is holding you back . that 's -- that 's persuasive rhetoric , yes . without a couple of major league flubs over the last two election cycles , the senate very well could be republican , and there are a lot of tea party people who did win senate seats . absolutely . they 've been a commendable force , in terms of -- yes , of motivation , momentum , raising money , their get out the vote . they have been very good . they 're doing better in many respects than the rest of the republicans . sometimes they cut off their noses -- and that 's the fact that the tea party candidates , five of them should have won , they did n't . there 's a couple of them that should n't have been put through , ok ? let 's not take anything away also from obama 's organizational skills in the campaign . i 've never seen anything like it . we 're talking senate right now . i understand that . because here 's the issue i brought up , bob . you have been in charge of the senate had n't been for the tea party . they should have taken the senate . here 's what i said . i said earlier in the show , if the tea party stuck with their original plan of fiscal conservative values , the senate would likely be republican , because these two geniuses this year , who decided to go on and on , and talk about rape -- do n't ever mention female body parts again if you 're republican . it 's not advisable . and what about the people they nominated in nevada and delaware -- -- and colorado ? and those are four that should have gone republican . i 'm just going to correct you so you do n't get e-mails . if you 're a republican and a gynecologist , you should mention female parts . perhaps . and two number , have a screening process for candidates , more than great guy , nice guy , say what kind of experience do you have ? and put them through a candidate 's boot camp . for example , if you watched the times in which they 've talked about rape and talked about abortion , it was unbelievable how inexperienced they looked to handle a question , so -- ill-equipped . and maybe get a party platform that does n't make it so absolute on abortion . we got to leave it there . we got it leave it there . that 's a big one . all right . up coming up thanksgiving is over , christmas is next , and black friday has arrived . how to survive the shopping madness -- that 's next on the five . all right . well , millions of americans across the country right now are n't stopping until they get enough , and to stuff their stocking with this christmas . it 's black friday , everybody , and the shopping insanity is in full force . i love it . of course , you know . now , bob , you spent most of the day at the mall , right , before work , right ? yes . they were working on thanksgiving day and now , people are lined up and they break through these barriers on these doors . people get stamped -- or what do you call it ? trampled . stamped . whatever . but they could get samples . yes , but what i do n't understand is now -- i hate shopping . i ca n't stand it . i went to get a swatch , remember when they were hot ? yes . and i was holding the thing up and looking at the last one , and they made an announcement there 's a sale on swatches , and i turned around and like 50 women were coming one time and scared the hell -- heck out of me . oh , like you did n't look that . no , i did . i dropped the swatch and lost the swatch . i do n't know why , you could go on , why in the world bother with it ? you know , you brought up a good and i ca n't believe i 'm going to say it , i think it 's time to tax the online shoppers to give retailers a chance at these mobs again . i feel so bad for these stores and these employees and these salespeople who lose out because someone goes home on logs on for a better price and gets it deliver to their house . wait , is n't that -- that 's capitalism . i know . what 's your problem there ? i feel bad for retailers , everybody go online and no more stores ? what are you saying ? you actually -- give retailers a fair shot . oh my gosh ! can you believe that ? taxing online , first of all , who -- the government is going to tax and do what with that money ? the same tax they pay if i go to the apple store , i want to pay the same tax online and as i do if i walk and talk -- but there 's legislation i think will be introduced and probably passed because the retailers and some of the bigger ones are starting to say that they recognize they have a problem because the state legislators are passing and they want to have more of uniform thing , because that really hurts small businesses , if it 's not -- so you agree with me ? i do n't agree that people should not go online shopping . that 's progress . yes . i know , why are you , why ? because you 're the redistributor of the shopping -- like we want everyone to have -- and i 'm with you . i do n't understand . does that mean i 'm in trouble ? if she starts speaking in spanish , you are . i got to ask a question , and why is it the stores , they have to pay sales taxes in the stores and you do n't have to going online . because you do n't have -- thank you . and you want more taxes ? i ca n't believe where am i . i just -- do n't listen , everybody . we 're all just kind of -- you 've got to problem . your state tax , it 's a state tax if you buy something across state borders and you do n't pay tax to that state . and if you do n't have a physical present , like if you do n't have an actual shop in the state . but also , the point of black friday , really , is that you shop for the best deal . if you can find the best deal online -- now , you might because out of the goodness of your heart want to buy from the local guy . i can understand that . you can get gas . but stop people from shopping for the best deal . if i want to go -- if i want to get a nike shoe online , i think i should have a choice between going online and getting nike online for the same price as going to the nike store . what ? you could cry about while i 'm on zappos.com and getting free shipping and free returns , ok ? i do n't understand why the states where it originates do n't get taxes from rich . forget the federal government , why not tax where it originates ? what do you mean ? well , if l.l . beam sends all of their stuff out there in of maine -- bean -- it 's bean , not beam . where i 'm from , beam , beam . and where it 's manufactured , where it shipped from , where it 's sold from , where the offices are , you ca n't track it . i do n't know what you do -- states do it . if you want to make black monday , fun , i think i 'm pretty of this greg-like line , make a sporting event , not a stress event . just go out have fun , go meet people , like kimberly does with fun -- i do n't want to socialize with those people . you do n't want -- no . but it 's the holiday season . those people -- the people that are crazy and trampling people . yes , and the other thing is , you ever try to get a parking space in a mall this time of year ? it 's ridiculous . it 's like people go after , they had suicide bombers going after the spot , and knocking old ladies out of the way to get a spot -- get deals in high fashion , things for great prices like century 21 , there you 've got to go in and get it and dig into it , and you get a big surprise . where did you get your shoes from ? you get your shoes , online or you get them in the stores ? i call my guy and like send them over . oh , there you go . ok . call your guy ? you 've got a shoe guy ? fantastic . she has a shoe guy , and another guy and -- all right , all right . eric , you probably said anything . what 's about it ? and i 'm just -- he 's in shock . i 'm just -- i 'm free marketer , no , we want more taxes . well , i 'm going to saks -- and they could make it for the local retailers , like i think that some of the bigger retailers are trying -- are going to hurt small businesses if they do n't stop looking out for just themselves . it needs to be even , because if you 're a small business , you ca n't -- no , i 'm not for you . i think you ca n't afford to do all the different -- like every different county has a different sales tax and you have to do it yourself . i can understand why they want something more uniform , but the big retailers , they can afford the lawyers and accountants to do all that . what if you tax them directly as a deficit reduction . no , i 'm not for that . i 'm not for taxing something so we could reduce . i 'm for less federal spending , which we could do . it 's certainly unfair that you could sell l.l . beamer shoes in maine and you get to pay a tax and you get l.l . beamers thing you see in the mail and you do n't pay taxes . can i watch this segment back ? i think she agrees with me . no . but until you -- you 're going to have to do it on your own time , ok ? i think a shout out , anybody size seven , and perfect stocking stuffers . ooh . those from my first house . yes , baby . come on , size seven . coming up , they call themselves survivalists and others call them nuts . if you 're in a world where money is worthless and there 's no rule of law . i 'm not going to look like prey . each expects an impending disaster that will destroy the world as we know it , and have gone to extreme lengths so when the end of days arrive , they will be prepared to survive . ok . that 's how i feel when it comes to the segment of bob beckel . all right . we 're going to let you decide next . that 's on the five . this is post-life of rem , i think . this is another world . in the end of the world , if it is indeed coming , these people will be ready . yet , a new season of a brand new show called `` doomsday preppers . '' it kicked off this week on the national geographic channel . it features americans who are convinced the apocalypse is coming . i 'm preparing my family for the total destruction of the power grid . a devastating earthquake . a series of catastrophic terrorist attacks . super volcano . under a doomsday scenario , i 'll be the only one standing there with who has another hundred pounds to lose . seven hundred cans . two hundred forty-one pounds of cucumbers . we have less than for every individual in the house . this is the lifestyle that we live . let 's go . we 're bucking up . dana , this is the second season of the show . yes . and with all that -- in this nuclear age that we 're in , weapons of mass destruction , every other sentence and shows like this , is n't it about time for a show like this to emerge as a viable opportunity and a learning segment for america ? it 's a very popular show . i was hearing about it last year from a journalist who said that they were going to go and spend time with them , and -- here is the thing for me . i do n't have that much worry , but i appreciate that they do . i mean , they 've mapped everything out . just for me , if it 's going to happen , i want to be the like the first to go . you want -- you do n't want to be sticking around with survivors . no . but then , you know , who 's laughing afterwards ? these guys . you know , can i say one thing ? they are all honey boo boo 's relatives . we 're not sure and -- and it reminds me of people who built nuclear bomb shelters in the `50s and `60s . i mean , that was n't going to help anybody they found out . these people are on the fringe , man . i mean , on the fringe , this is militia types and let them go -- let eric go with them . you love this . you told me your family loves the show . brian , i 've watched almost the whole first -- i love the show . it 's a phenomenal show . why ? whether you believe doomsday is coming or not , the mentality of people worried about the country , about -- they 're worried about biological terror , they 're worried about nuclear terror , they worry earthquakes and they worried everything . and you know what ? good for them . it makes they feel better . who says it makes them feel better ? who has n't thought what would happen if there was a post- apocalyptic world . what would you do ? i do n't want to survive that . would you buy guns ? they do all these things . i think we would pretty muchso we could run and have a show tomorrow . but , kimberly , here 's the thing -- yes , i had an emergency . -- big success , right ? `` i am legend '' was a huge success . yes . `` a planet of the apes '' -- people are obsessed with the end of the world and the post-civilization , are you one of them ? well , i 'm very frightened about it since i saw `` i am legend '' . no one should have allowed me to see that to me . because it 's new york . yes , it 's very real . when you go too early in the morning and you 're coming here and there 's not a lot of cars out , it 's scary . it reminds me of that . would you bring your louis vuitton -- i 've got an emergency backpack and one pair ever louis -- who is obsessed with it ? you know , it 's the economy . i do n't give it a second thought . the year was 1977 , `` happy days '' within the . there was a key show when tom bosley said , i 'm going to build a shelter so me and joni and the rest of the clan can survive , except chuck who 's gone somewhere else . they built a bombshell . but the controversy was , who do they include ? in the end , tom bosley came into a conclusion with a young ron howard that if we ca n't live with everybody else , we 'd rather die . you what those bomb shelters became ? a place to smoke dope and have sex . that 's basically what they became . that 's not the way -- well , there 's that . i think you missed a whole different theory . and that 's why bob has one in his back yard . you 're kind of like cliff clavin with all your facts and stuff . well , i do remember every `` happy days '' episode . yes , it 's bizarre . what was `` happy days '' ? you 're my lifeline , phone a friend . did you say what was `` happy days '' ? i do n't really know what it is . fonzie . the fonz . yes , that goofy-looking italian guy ? possibly , that 's one way to describe him . no one else has , rode the motorcycle , lived upstairs -- and that 's where the term `` jump the shark '' came . now , as much as we fear the end of the show , i 'm also happy to say it 's the end of the segment . so i have to put this today . bye-bye . coming up , though , i will not give the time -- did you know , there are more women than men on the roads these days ? dana perino is one of them . you 're not going to believe the last time she drove a car . her answer , your answer , next . i love fats domino . listen -- you think you 're a greg gutfeld . yes . he 's not here . but , listen , this is -- the thanksgiving holiday is the most traveled holiday of the year and i have a few thoughts about what you should and should n't do -- like beginning with not travel , but i ca n't help that because i have to go back home . but one thing you do n't want to do is get anywhere near babies because oh , my god . you 're so anti-baby . no , no , not that . but when they let a defcon 9 go , you 're caught in the middle seat , you 're in big trouble . plus , they carry a lot of germs . you can get a cold from them . that 's exactly right . what are you guys travel tips ? my best travel tips ? it 's an interesting question . my best travel tips , i try not to travel number one . but travel the day of the event . for example , do n't travel the day before with everybody else , say , hey , i 'm going to be home at six o'clock . do n't expect me on the day before thanksgiving , because on the holiday itself like christmas and thanksgiving , when i lived out in los angeles and travelling back , i traveled that day and i felt like a genius . i was alone during the day , with the people at night and nobody missed me , and yet i beat the crowd . has that changed a lot since then ? i think that people have caught on to that . now they have . do n't drive on the new jersey turnpike , we know that 's a given , right ? here 's the interesting fact -- you know now more women have driver 's licenses than men . now , i 'm going to try to be -- what happened to my travel tip ? i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry . bring your shoes . bring your shoes , right ? no , listen . let me tell you something , i 'm a hugely successful traveler than people you know , right ? because i bring that same -- like , that 's it , i do not pack any luggage to put in , right ? right . i do n't check any of it . it 's all carry on , because i do n't want to be a victim of circumstance at the airport . you can forget it . and all of your clothes -- plan ahead . no one buys me the clothes . i just bring it , i roll up the dress and wear the same shoes , and it 's perfect , it 's great . and then if you plan ahead , like my t-shirt , i 've won since i was five , you can get good deals online , too . that 's my advice . and you do n't have -- -- pack a snack . pack a snack . that 's a good one . and carrying your charger in your carry on . eric , do you travel on thanksgiving ? you did n't travel yesterday , right ? no , can we talk about the women drivers ? ok , you want to do that , i 'm glad you 're going to lead on this . my wife drives everywhere we go , i do n't drive anymore . why ? i do n't get behind the wheel . here 's why , brian -- you 're going too fast . why are you changing the radio , there 's a car there . and it 's so much easier to say , you know what ? you drive , i just kind of sit over here and - she 's just worried about your well-being . no , she 's worried about her well-being . with your 25 phones and -- i will tell you , i -- when i drive myself to work , there are at least 10 women in front of me doing their makeup in the rear view mirror and swerving and going too slow , too fast , it 's annoying . i will say that the statistics bear this out , that women are worse drivers than men . what ? is that in the beckel almanac ? it is in the beckel almanac . the war on women continuing after the election ? there 's more accidents with driving women . yes . do you know that my ex-wife , there was an accident because this woman stopped on the beltway to try to save our three beagles . she could have done me a favor kept going , a chain collection , 27 cars smashed up , and my ex-wife went out there and said , oh , do n't worry my husband will take care of this . and , you know , it 's against the law to stop for a dog ? ok , well , let me tell you something , bob . i did not know that . yes . there 's generic shot of generic woman driving , do we know this -- ok , but guess what ? i think it 's not fair to disparage women . i love to drive . i swear -- i think i 'm a very good driver and a lot of people told me that . and i drive with these shoes on . kimberly , you 've gotten four dwfs , though , four dwfs ? what , driving while -- female . female . i have an excellent driving record . so i grew up out west and i got a car when i was 16 and i went everywhere . i used to love taking a road -- i love to be on a road trip . but since i moved to new york , i actually have n't been behind a wheel of a car since september of 2011 . do you feel safer ? yes , i do . but you 're very cute and you walk and you wearing sensible flat flats and i want to be more like you . because as we found this out , we 're going to talk about women drivers , all the of a sudden , i get an e-mail from my ex-husband , number two , and he sends a picture of this lady in a brand new mercedes 550 drove into the new building he put up. , he 's like you ca n't make it up . dwf . `` one more thing '' is next . all right . time now for `` one more thing . '' i 'm going to have eric kicks us off . ok . so , black friday , biggest sales of the years , a lot of the industries , including the gun and bullet manufacturing industry . so , i wanted to take this time to remind everyone , second amendment right -- remember , your kids can get involved also . they do n't have to be 18 to 21 . can you roll a little video of my son learning how to shoot a gun the proper way ? a .45 caliber kimber 1911 , it 's unloaded . he clears the chamber , and watch . he lays it down properly . i like the -- and you know how to shoot your guns . can you buy bazookas , too ? can you buy bazooka ? was that your kitchen ? and that 's the gun range . and i was going to say . and the safety . now , the national rifle association has him over . go ahead . all right . let 's go with kimberly next . mine is about tasty treats , you know you love them . and i do n't know if anybody had them on thanksgiving , but i want to get some immediately . in chicago , in fact , they 're making these delicious donuts and injected in them were flavors like liquor , people are like , oh , you 're going to make people wasted , no , you 're not , because it 's cooked out the alcohol contents , bob . and it 's just the flavor . oh , what 's the point ? there 's a lot of calories for nothing . like an amaretto donut ? i love donuts . i think it 's cute . i 'm going to go next and then we 're going to get to brian , and we 'll save bob for last . the reason greg gutfeld is not here today , do you know why ? why ? because he was so worried , he had to restock all the shelves across america with his book , `` the joy of hate '' . it 's a holiday classic , `` the joy of hate '' . and that 's why greg is not here today . is it going to show that we have n't talked about `` the joy of hate '' tow and half months ? no , not all . it 's a very good book . all right . brian ? all right . here 's a thing -- a thanksgiving theme , and unlike tens of thousands of people not home because the water came up and wiped out my first floor and i think it 's both diabolical and thankful . that 's right across the street . so , tens of thousands of people are not going to be in their dining rooms and everyone here is thinking about you , number one . number two , i 'm very thankful when the call came about a year and a half ago from national flood insurance and they said , you know you 're not going to have flood insurance , as if they were prescient , i was one of the few who said -- well , my wife was one of the few who said , let 's keep it . it 's only $ 400 . most of the people said , great , i 'll save money and they 're all wiped out today . and i thought whoever is behind those calls should really be having trouble -- that 's a really good point . we ought to think about those people from sandy , from new jersey , from new york -- all over are hurting and do n't have a place to go home to . all right . so this is day that i traditionally start my christmas day decorations . now , if you watched the show last year , you know that i do this every year . last year , it was 85,000 lights on my house and this year , i 'm going for 100,000 . and one of the things i have worked out this year with the park service . my house is right next to the potomac river . i got a cable strung so the santa and the elves can take off . excellent . that 's very cute . it was . now , i also want to say that my electric bill last year was somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 4,000 -- no , 8,000 bucks . but that 's ok . it was worthwhile . i always love to do it . why , was it lipa ? what , pardon me ? what , it was n't lipa , would n't have gone up . yes . you 're like clark griswold . yes . and still charge with $ 6,000 . you 're like clark griswold . i think that 's right . and you 're like eddie . what happens when you 're not -- when you 're in new york and not in maryland , do you keep the lights on ? yes , i do . i have a team that helps me put this together . yes , no kidding . you 're not doing that yourself . i used to do it by myself . but , yes , the lights go on automatically when the sun goes down . and this is how you know , bob beckel has a good heart . you know how i found about this . i read some stories about this . it was written up in many -- in papers and blogs . as a matter of fact , we won the championship for small houses the last year . but has al gore ever called you to say , maybe , as a democrat , you should rethink your carbon footprint ? no . but if i did , i will say this , i did have some environmentalists knock my decorations down . that 's not nice . it was n't . they always resort to violence . if that happened to me , and i had to borrow eric 's gun and shot him . that 's going to be it for us . thank you for watching . have a great weekend . we love having you . bye-bye .
parsed_corpora/foxnews/FOX_20121118-20121124/FOX_20121118-20121124_004 i 'm chris wallace . israel threatens to escalate its conflict with hamas , and former cia director david petraeus tells congress what he knows about the benghazi attack . in a series of closed-door hearings , lawmakers investigate what happened -- before , during and after the assault that killed four americans . we 'll get the latest from saxby chambliss , vice chair of the senate intelligence committee , and joe lieberman , head of the senate homeland security committee . then , republicans look to regroup , after a disappointing election . does the party need a new message or better messengers ? we 'll talk with two leading governors -- bobby jindal of louisiana and scott walker of wisconsin . plus , the president and congressional leaders try to pull back from the fiscal cliff . with 44 days and counting , we 'll ask our sunday panel can a deal be made in time ? and our power player of the week , killing us softly with her songs . all , right now , on fox news sunday . and hello , again from fox news in washington . we 'll talk with our guests in a moment but first an update on that tense military situation on the israel-gaza border . fox news correspondent leland vittert is on the scene with the latest -- leland . chris , israel is very much a country on the brink of war . we have seen hundreds , if not thousands of tanks and armored personnel carriers maneuvering in these fields around us , ready to push into the gaza strip , in a moment 's notice , because the airstrike simply have not stopped the rockets flying out of gaza , towards israel . and the iron dome intercepted a number of those rockets today . however , about 8 or 10 got through , causing a half dozen injuries inside of southern israel . for the israelis , their airstrikes continued pounding away , day five of hitting the gaza strip , so far the airstrikes killed 50-plus people , half of them civilians , including a number of children . the israeli air force says they have hit almost a thousand targets , and , leveled much of hamas ' infrastructure , inside of the gaza strip . as for the ground war , which certainly caused more civilian casualties , there 's a major escalation . israel has already called up 30,000 reservists and those reservists are on the borders now . their infantry and their tanks simply waiting for the `` go '' order to head in . the israeli prime minister says he is willing to escalate this into a full ground war and that is largely seen as a warning to the peace negotiations going on , inside cairo , to either have a ceasefire treaty signed sometime in the next 24 hours or there will be tanks rolling across these fields , into gaza . chris , back to you . leland vittert reporting live from the israel-gaza border -- leland , thanks for that . joining us now , two leading senators on national security issues saxby chambliss , vice chair of the intelligence committee , and joe lieberman , head of the homeland security committee . senators , before we get to the benghazi investigation , i want to ask you both about the growing conflict between israel and the palestinians in gaza . senator lieberman , while israel clearly has to be able to defend itself -- do you worry about a ground war in gaza , especially , in this changing post-arab spring middle east ? well , obviously it is in the first instance to hamas , i do n't think the israelis really want a ground war . they 'll go into gaza if they feel they need to , to eliminate the remainder of the missiles , and a lot of which are supplied to hamas by iran , that have been coming over to israel , hundreds of them , this year . so , really , the decision is up to hamas , as to whether there will be a ground invasion of gaza or not . and remember , what hamas is . it 's not the palestinian authority , which has recognized the right of israel to exist and has diplomatic relations with israel and us . it 's a terrorist group sworn to the destruction of israel . it actually seized power in a coup from the palestinian authority . so these people are bad actors and no nation would put up with what israel has up until now and they have to defend their people and their nation . but , senator chambliss , obviously the situation , all over the middle east has changed dramatically , in the last year . egypt is no longer one by a pro-american dictator . it 's run by leaders of the muslim brotherhood . should president obama put more pressure on the egyptian government , even threaten to cut off aid , to get hamas to stop firing those rockets he needs to exert every kind of pressure he can , chris , to try to make sure it does n't escalate into a full-blown war between the palestinians and the israelis and , whatever that takes . but , you know , the problem the israelis have is that these rockets are being fired on them , from places that they ca n't reach by flying over in the air . i mean , they are putting them in school yards where they are surrounded by schoolchildren and firing them from marketplaces crowded with people . and , israel has a right to protect itself . and , if sending ground troops in is the only way they can clean out these nests of rockets being fired at them , you know , you ca n't blame them for doing it . all right , let 's turn to benghazi . both of you held closed- door hearings this week with top administration officials and david petraeus reportedly said in these closed door hearings while he always believed terrorists were behind the attack , that the administration watered down the talking points susan rice ends up using because they did n't want to tip that he have terrorists that they were on to them . let me start with you , senator chambliss , because you were in one of those closed door hearings with david petraeus . one , did he say it ? and if so , do you believe it ? petraeus did not say that in those words , chris . and i did not interpret anything he said to be that . general petraeus , number one , is obviously a great man and great leader , both from a military standpoint and with , also , the role with the cia and what he did say is from day one , we knew it was a terrorist attack . i mean , there was no question about it . you do n't bring automatic weapons and rpgs and mortars to a so-called demonstration . there , still , are some questions that are yet to be answered about the planning of this . whether it was done over a period of time , or , whether it was truly a spontaneous reaction . there is no indication now that it was anything other than a planned attack . but do you have an understanding as to why the talking points changed over the course of that first week ? the white house said yesterday they made one change in the talking points and that was to change the word consulate to `` diplomatic facility '' . well , it was kind of interesting , chris . at the hearing we had on thursday and friday , we had every leader of the intelligence community there , including folks from the state department , the fbi , everybody there was asked , do you know who made these changes ? and nobody knew . the only entity that reviewed the talking points that was not there was the white house . so , you know , i do n't know whether -- what they said yesterday is exactly right or not . but , what i do know is that every member of the intelligence community says that references to al qaeda were removed by somebody , and they do n't know who . and references to attacks versus demonstrations were removed by somebody . let me ask you a question . will your committee , the senate intelligence committee , call ambassador susan rice to ask her to testify ? i do n't know the answer to that question right now . senator feinstein and i will talk about that . we 've got two more hearings scheduled where we 've already got a list of witnesses -- do you think she should be called ? she 's going to have to come in and testify at some point , whether it 's in a closed hearing or an open hearing . we 're going to have an open hearing , too . but at some point , she needs to come in and say what the president or the white house directed her to say . senator lieberman , dianne feinstein -- the democratic chair of senator chambliss ' senate intelligence committee read the unclassified talking points to reporters and she says that they showed that susan rice was just sticking to the talking points . do you buy that ? you know , i 've looked at the talking points , our committee heard testimony from the intelligence community , very important to say here . that during that first week after the attack on our mission in benghazi , the initial opinion -- and they kept saying it was initial -- of the intelligence community was that there had been a protest before the terrorist attack . nobody could deny it as saxby said it was a terrorist attack and that is what the talking points reflected -- whether it used names like al qaeda , the terrorist group or ansar al-sharia . so i must say , as i look at what we now know the intelligence community was saying that week -- and i look at ambassador rice 's statements on television on the following sunday morning , i do n't find anything inconsistent between those two . but , i must tell you that i think we are focusing on questions that are not insignificant but they are not the most significant . of course , there was a terrorist attack . whether or not there was a protest before it is interesting , but not that critical to me . there was a terrorist attack and the question is who did it ? and , then , much more important for the long run -- why in the midst of a rising crescendo of intelligence that made clear that al qaeda in the islamic maghreb , ansar al-sharia , bunch of radical groups were coming into eastern libya , in the surrounding of benghazi did we leave our state department personnel there without security ? and why , when they were attacked did our defense department not have resources in a where nearby to come to their defense ? i mean , long run , those are the critical questions . well , they 're going to go through those . and i want to ask both of you a series of questions in this regard , because you do hold these closed door hearings , this week with all of the top officials . and i 'm going to try to ask you to do it in a lightning round , quick questions , quick answers -- as somebody said , good luck with that . senator lieberman , after meeting with top -- this is n't quite to the point but i promise we 're going to get there . after meeting with top fbi officials this week , are you satisfied with their decision not to notify congress and the white house about the investigation of general petraeus ' affair until as late as they did which was last week ? you know , i still have questions about that . i think , first , you have to acknowledge that the fbi has developed a very important cyber security capacity , which is important to our country . second , they got this -- we 're in lightning round . we 're in the lightning round already . i have n't answered that to my satisfaction yet . in other words , i understand why they would keep an fbi investigation confidential from everybody until they saw there was a crime but this suddenly involves two of our highest ranking generals , petraeus and allen . and , i think that was a different circumstance and i still have an inclination to believe that somebody should have notified the white house of that early in the investigation . senator chambliss , are you satisfied that this personal affair involving general petraeus did not affect either , one , the way he conducted the whole benghazi matter , and , two , his testimony to congress either back in september or this week ? i see nothing to indicate that that had any impact on his decisions that he made relative to benghazi or any other issue , for that matter . and , nothing -- no impact on his testimony , there has been - - perhaps he was toeing the line in september to try to keep his job . no . i do n't there is no indication of his testimony on friday of that . he has always been very straightforward and he was very straightforward on friday . all right . senator chambliss , this is of the issues that senator lieberman was raising . with all the warnings beforehand , who do you to you feel is responsible for the failure to beef up security at the benghazi consulate before the attack ever happened . i think that 's a question yet to be answered , chris . we 've got to get state department officials into really explain why you send an ambassador , basically unguarded with a few libyan guards and the cia was not there to guard him . that 's not their function but did n't you have patrick kennedy , one of the top state department people -- he did . and he -- that 's not his function to determine security , though . but we 've got the right person coming in , for our next hearing , to talk about that . and i 'm sure that joe and susan will do likewise . but we 've got to find out from the state department about why decisions were made relative to the diplomatic security and they were obviously inadequate -- woefully , inadequate . let me just ask you , both of you in this regard . secretary of state clinton has not testified . is that someone you need to hear from on this subject ? yes . i think she 's agreed to come testify and she needs to . no , it 's very important . look , with -- what we know now about the intelligence of the terrorists who were in the vicinity of benghazi , in my opinion , it was irresponsible to have our state department personnel there , with only three security guards , they were easily overrun in the attack of september 11th . either we should have given them the protection they deserved , or should have closed that mission in benghazi , as the british government had done a short while before . the second point is really an important one -- we are cutting back in supporting our defense , we -- during the war in libya against gadhafi , we had ships offshore . if those ships were still there , they could have some sent resources to knock out the second round of terrorist attacks -- let me interrupt because i want to ask you that . yes . during the seven hours -- yes . -- between the first attack on the consulate and the second on the annex , given the forces we had on the ground , could u.s. forces have done more realistically to protect the u.s. forces and protect -- to u.s. personnel , and , prevented the last two folks from dying ? that 's the key and it goes to preventing the last two , the former seals , from being killed . the answer is we did n't have resource in range . secretary panetta and general dempsey acted quickly , but they had to get somebody from spain , somebody from croatia and some -- a group of special operation forces from the east coast to the u.s. who arrived much too late . if he had -- they sent a drone , but it was an unarmed drone . if we had an armed drone in that dangerous part of the world , it probably could have knocked out the people who are firing those mortars that killed the two seals . but given what we had there , you are saying -- there was no capacity to defend our personnel , in a timely way . once the attacks occurred and we ca n't let that happen again . and , part of what we have to do to make sure it does n't happen again is we adequately support our defense budget . and the one question there , too -- was it dod 's fault or was that state 's fault ? and we do n't know the answer . ok. and , finally , we 've got about a minute left . senators john mccain and graham this week called for a special congressional committee to investigate benghazi . let 's look at what senator graham said . watergate investigation benefited from a joint select committee . iran-contra benefitted from a select committee . i want to ask you both briefly , do you think that we need -- let me start first with you , senator chambliss . do we need a special committee or can your standing committees do it ? well , first of all , these two guys are two of my best friends and two of joe 's best friends , and we travel a lot together to some very dangerous places . but the committees within the united states senate are very capable of investigating this in the right way . and this is one time i have a slight disagreement with my good friends . yes , i respectfully separate from my two amigos on this one and agree with saxby . this was a tragedy but does n't rise to the level of 9/11/01 . our committees can handle this and come up with the answers . and if for some reason our colleagues think when we 're done we have n't done a good job -- well , let them think about a special committee . and i ca n't let you go , senator lieberman , you are retiring from congress at the end of the year , 24 years , and there 's been some speculation and i know you 're not even been that close to this president , but there has been some speculation , have there been any talks with the administration about taking over the top spot at state , at defense , at cia -- any talks about it and do you have any interest the answer is -- no . there have been no talks . second , it 's not what i 'm planning for the next chapter of my life . but , really , as i 've always said before when it has come up , when a president of the united states , asks to you serve your country that i love , and , believe in so deeply , you 've got to give it serious consideration . but , i 'm not waiting by the phone . i do n't expect the call . so -- he 's got my vote for confirmation , on any of the above . we 're going to miss this guy , chris . well , let me just say , senator lieberman , no more -- but you may be back here in a few months as secretary lieberman . that would surprise me . but it would always be good to be with you on the fair and balanced fox sunday show . there you go ! senator , i was n't -- i was n't -- senator lieberman , senator chambliss -- thank you both and we 'll stay on top of benghazi and , of course , the conflict in gaza . thank you both , gentlemen . thank you . thank you . up next , two leading republican governors take a hard look at what their party needs to do before it faces voters again .
parsed_corpora/foxnews/FOX_20121118-20121124/FOX_20121118-20121124_005 after a disappointing election day , it 's no surprise republicans would do some soul-searching . but , what is a surprise is how quickly it 's begun and how serious it 's gotten . joining us to talk about the future of the party , governor bobby jindal of louisiana , the new chair of the republican governors association , is in his state capitol of baton rouge , and from san diego , wisconsin , governor scott walker , the new vice chair of the rga . gentlemen , this week , mitt romney , in a conference call with big donors , attributed his defeat to president obama , giving out gifts to minorities and young people . governor jindal , you reacted sharply to that . let 's look what the president -- president 's campaign did was focus on certain members of his base coalition , give them extraordinary financial gifts from the government . i absolutely reject that notion , that description . we 've got to stop being the stupid party . you know , i mean by that . certainly , we need to stop making stupid comments . so , governor , what was stupid about what romney said ? well , two things . first , governor romney is an honorable and exceptional man . and i 'm proud to have campaigned for him across the country but i absolutely reject what he said . look , we as the republican party have to campaign for every single vote . if we want people to like us , we have to like them first . and , you do n't start to like people by insulting them and saying their votes were bought . we are an aspirational party . let the democratic party be the party that says demography is destiny , that says we are going to divide people by race , by gender , by class . we as a republican party , believe our conservative principles are good for every single voter . it 's not just a marketing campaign . it 's not just having better p.r . folks . we 're going to go and convince and fight for every single vote , showing them we are the party for the middle class , upward mobility . we do n't start winning majorities and winning elections by insulting our voters . look , governor walker , i want you to take a look at this exit poll from election night . who is more in touch with people like you ? fifty-three percent said obama , 43 percent , said mitt romney . question how do republicans convince the middle class that you 're looking out for them ? well , i think you see it in the governorships . we now , in a nation that went for a democrat for president , you now have 30 states with republican governors and i think , the trust factor is there . i share the same belief that bobby mentioned as well , that we need to be a party that does n't talk about it . we go out and actively take the message , i think , a winning message , one we won on in each of these states , with the republican governors . but we take it and we go out to where people are . we 've got a message that works for young people , that works for people who come to our country from other countries , and , basically for anyone who wants to live their piece of the american dream . we have to show that we are serious about reaching out and helping everyone , not just a group here , not just a group there . but , everyone in the country , live their piece of the american dream . and i think that starts with our governors as great messengers . but , governor jindal , what about the debate going on here in washington , right now , about the fiscal cliff ? president obama says , look , let 's extend the bush tax cuts , lower tax rates for 98 percent of all taxpayers including the middle class , right now . we can -- i 'll sign it today . he took out his pen at the news conference and the republicans saying , no , no , no , we ca n't do that until we decide what we 'll do with the top 2 percent of taxpayers . why would n't the middle class voter look at that and say , these guys , the gop , are all about protecting the rich ? chris , two things , one , we as a republican party need to make it very clear and we 're going to make it very clear . we 're not the party of big -- big businesses , big banks , big wall street , big bailouts . when it comes to the tax code , we as the republican party have to make it very clear -- we are for a lower , flatter , simpler tax code . and you can maintain progressivity , for example , there have been ideas to limit deductions for the wealthy . there have been ideas to get rid of some of these carve-outs . but we need to make it very clear -- we 're not the party trying to protect the rich . they can protect themselves . we are the party that wants growth , pro-growth policies . let the democratic party be the party of growing -- a government growing revenues . we want to grow the private sector and so , that starts with lower , flatter , simpler tax codes . and , again , it can still be progressive . let 's -- there are ideas to get rid of carve-outs , special treatments to limit the deductions to the wealthy . but here 's the second point , when it comes to this fiscal cliff -- i was in congress , i guarantee , if they just put a band-aid on this , we 'll be in another fiscal cliff in a few months . we need structural changes , and that could be a balanced budget amendment to the constitution , super majority vote , before they raise our taxes -- a limit on the growth in government spending so it ca n't grow faster than the economy or population growth , limiting government spending as a percentage of gdp -- without those structural changes , we 're not getting anywhere . this is just kicking the can down the road . and let 's also be clear -- this country does n't need two liberal or democratic parties . yes , we need to show our policies are appealing and work for the middle class , but we do n't need to abandon our principles . the country does n't need two democratic parties . but , governor walker -- i mean , look at the optics of it . when the president is holding up his pen and saying , i 'll sign extending tax cuts -- lower taxes , which is supposedly a republican mantra for 98 percent of americans and the republicans say not so fast . bill kristol was on this show last week , and he said , you know , it would n't kill the republicans to raise taxes on millionaires a little bit . is he wrong ? well , i think you look at the contrast between washington and what 's happening in each of our states . the vast majority of us who are new governors two years ago inherit major budget deficits in our states . we balanced those deficits without raising taxes . in fact , the states like wisconsin , we actually cut taxes over the past two years , and , revenues have gone up . i think most americans , not just those in politics , most americans look at what 's happening in washington and think , they are missing the boat . the economy is a much bigger issue . do n't get me wrong -- i think they need to balance the budget . i think they need to take care of the fiscal issues . but more importantly , we need to get the economy going . we need to get people back to work and , that disproportionately affects the middle class right now and the fact they are talking about anything that might make it worse in the economy i think is a bad sign about what 's happening in washington . let 's talk briefly , and i have run into a time crunch in a minute , so i 'm going to ask you for quick answers on a couple of specific groups . the problems that your party had , on election day , with hispanics , has been well documented -- 71 percent voted for obama , 27 percent for romney . governor walker , does your party need to rethink where it stands on the dream act and the whole issue of the 11 million illegals who are in this country ? oh , i think we need to find a way to move forward on this . i think we want more people who want to live the american dream . i mean , this country is based on immigrants . we 've got to find a way to welcome all of our immigrants in , all those who want to live that piece of the american dream . and i think when we do it -- before i was in governor , i was a washington executive and historically , i won nearly every hispanic leaning ward in milwaukee county where i was a county executive . why ? because i had a message that resonated with everyone . i had help with small business owners , i had help with school choice , with parents who wanted kids to prevail and get the opportunity they deserved . those are things we need to be talking about . if we share that message with all the voters , we 're going to do better , whether it 's the hispanic voters , whether it 's the young voters , whether it 's any other voters out there , we 'll do well because we 've got a message of prosperity and freedom for all . and , governor jindal , let 's take a look at unmarried women , who backed obama by a wide margin . unmarried woman voted for obama by a margin of 67 percent to 31 percent . governor , you say to republicans , do n't change your principles , modernize . do n't moderate . but , you 've got to know during this campaign , the democrats hammered your party when it came to freedom of choice on abortion , when it came to access to birth control , when it came to funding of planned parenthood . how do you convince unmarried women that you are looking out for them ? well , chris , a couple of things . one , i think we can still be true to our principles -- i 'm pro-life . i follow the teachings of my church and my faith . but at the same time , i think we can respect of those that we disagree with us . we do n't need to demonize those who disagree with us . we need to respect the fact that others have come to different conclusions based on their own sincerely held beliefs and have a civil debate . we do n't need to demonize -- and we also do n't need to be saying stupid things . look , we had candidates in indiana and missouri that said offensive things that only hurt themselves and lost those senate seats , but also have hurt the republican party across the board . so , i think we can be true to our principles . we do n't need to pander or change our principles , but at the same time , we can be respectful . you mentioned something , look , when a majority of voters in this election think the democratic party is more likely to cut tax than the middle class and the republican party , that shows that we 've got a problem not only with single women and middle class voters but voters across the country . that means we 've got a serious problem about making sure that voters understand what we as a party stand for , the principles we are pursuing . and that -- once we get back on track showing we are the party fighting for the middle class , it helps with female voters , hispanic voters and every voter out there . and , finally , governor walker , we 've got less than a minute left . both of you have decided not to set up state health care exchanges under obamacare , but rather to let the feds come in and do it . i guess the question i have , is , would you agree that at this point with the president reelected , obamacare is here to stay ? well , it is the law and we made that clear . the difference is , what we pointed out in our states , and i think bobby feels the same in his , and other governors , including some democrats , we do n't like the options we are given to comply with the law , the state-run partnership or defer to the federal government , the state run option is really state in name only . it still provides all the same stipulations . in fact , utah , a state that has an exchange ca n't even go ahead and use their exchange to qualify for the federal program . so in the end , if it 's state in name only , we 'd rather have the federal government do it , as much as it pains us , believing in federalism , in the end it is better they do it and not incur the additional potential costs to our taxpayers , that a state-run exchange would expose us to . governor walker , governor jindal , we are going to have to leave it there . there is obviously a lot more talk about . we 'll have you back to do it . and we 'll be tracking where the two of you try to take the party in the coming months . thank you , gentlemen . thanks , chris . thanks , chris . up next , israel prepares for a possible invasion of gaza . and , congress investigates the benghazi terror attack . we 'll ask our sunday group what is at stake for u.s. national security in both areas , when we come right back .
